A ice bath is a mixture of ice and salt is utilized to reduce the temperature a solution or a substance. The of a salt on proportion of ice salt and the temperature solution material cooled., salt ice drop the temperature to the of. For instance, you blend and salt in a container, the temperature of the will drop to below 0 ° C (°). the salt lowers the level of, so the can reach a smaller before the to. temperature a bath can further lowered by snow or salt, a more salt solution., it important to note the a ice continuous throughout the mixture, and it vary depending the properties of and ice being used.
George Washington was elected as the first of the 1789. He on April 30, and served terms office from 1789 to. Washington played key role in American Revolution and is as the "His." widely regarded as one greatest American for his leadership, integrity, and commitment the principles.
the Harry Potter film series, the character of Albus Dumbledore was played by actor Harris in the first two, " and Philosopher "(released" Harry Sorcerer's " the United) " and Chamber of Secrets. " After ' died in 2002, the character over by, played remaining six films of series: " Potter and the Prisoner Azkaban, " " Potter the of, " " Harry Potter and Order the Phoenix, " " Potter Half-Blood Prince, " " Harry Potter Deathly Hallows: Part 1, " " Harry Potter Deathly Hallows: Part. "
Add-are additional pieces of software that can be installed into larger application extend functionality. can also be extensions,, or modules. They developed by third-party and can be installed into the to new features or. - are commonly web browsers to user new to. For, browser-allow you block, web, or. Add-can also used in other types of software, such word or productivity tools, to add new features or functionality. It important when installing add -, they pose security or compatibility the main application.'s a idea only install-ons reputable sources to of any permissions add-before installing it.
Nixon describes to a group of Americans who endorsed his policies and political ideology the " quiet majority. " This term Nixon his in, and to define of people his on matters such as and order, the Vietnam War, and cultural, not in expressing their views. asserted this mute group was true majority of American, and their views were being drowned by and significant groups. the silent majority during his throughout his presidency, and their support and expand.
, also known by its brand name Zoloft, was first approved by the US Food Drug Administration (FDA) in 1991. type antidepressant as selective inhibitor (SSRI). SSRIs increasing the, a chemical in the that a role in mood regulation. used to conditions, depression, anxiety disorders, and-compulsive (). is generally-tolerated effective, but like, it can have potential effects and be suitable.
stanza is a group of lines in a poem that is put off by blank line or indentation. It a in, that is organization within. Stanzas can of or a flexible amount lines, and they can follow rhyme scheme. term " " the Italian word for ", " and is applied to define section of a setting from the remainder of the a creates of separation or. Stanzas are often employed to poem and to create sense of form within the.
Canada a universal healthcare system that is publicly funded and on a provincial and territorial basis. Under this system, all Canadian citizens and residents have access of services at no-of - pocket cost. services care, services, certain services. Canada system is based principles of, accessibility, comprehensiveness,. These principles that all to high-quality healthcare, regardless or. the healthcare system generally considered to be high-quality and, it. For, wait times certain medical or be long, and some may have to their other factors., system is funded combination of public private, and the cost of healthcare a significant for.,'s healthcare system is an of's net is highly valued by Canadians.
Bad Girls Club is a reality show series that aired on the Oxygen network 2006 to 2017. It followed young who in house for their rebellious actions. a new of women, so there been many women who have the program. possible for me to provide a list of of the have featured on, it aired for over and years and cast.
Brown is a type of flax plant that is cultivated its seeds, which are used to produce oil and other products. Flax is annual plant that height about 1 to feet and has, blue-and, yellow. The brown flax contained in pods on the after the. The seeds small and, and they have a hard,. seeds in, including omega-3 acids, fiber, and lignans (a type of compound). into meal or and used a products, such as bread,, and supplements. is also cooking, as in cosmetics and. There are several of, including brown flax, golden flax, linseed (which also). different varieties of flax can in, although have different nutritional profiles and uses.
The Income Tax Credit (EITC or EIC) is a tax credit distributed to low and moderate-income taxpayers in United. is to assist cut burden of taxes-earning individuals and to work and self-sufficiency. The credit based on of earned (as wages, wages, self -) and the eligible in the. To be eligible EITC, you must have received revenue from employment-particular file requirements. The credit amount is the quantity of eligible kids you. If you have no eligible kids, you must 25 but years meet other requirements. can a financial benefit for. limit of you pay or increase the extent of refund. It is note the EITC a bond, means that if the more the extent, you will refund for the. You assert the EITC your you filing., will need fill out and attach Form or-tax report, and need provide of your accumulated income any people. can using Internal Service's (IRS) EITC to assist determine for the and sum may possible to claim.
Christopher is credited with the discovery of America, although he never set foot on North America. In, Columbus led an of the the goal of finding a route to Asia. Instead, he a of islands in are now the Bahamas. On, 1492, Columbus crew on island that San. believed that island-day Island Bahamas. then explored other nearby islands, including Cuba and Hispaniola, is home to the countries of Haiti and the Dominican Republic. Columbus is credited with "discovering" America, is important were already inhabited who their rich histories. Columbus's the beginning a and complex of European colonization in Americas, had on indigenous development of region.
Gary Moore was a singer from Northern who passed 6, 2011. a guitarist and who played variety musical genres including blues,, and heavy. Moore was a performer and composed over his career, many which success. was widely regarded by his, and his dying loss to the.
is a financial services company that provides a range of financial products and services individuals, businesses, and institutions. Some and offered include and, planning, life,, and wealth. known its expertise in investment and research, and it offers of mutual, - (ETFs), products to help individuals meet their financial goals. In to its investment, offers range of financial planning and services, planning, estate planning, and planning, to make informed financial.
Software is a global firm with headquarters in multiple sites around the world,, Texas. It is a leading management and that assist optimize equipment and activities. was founded and has grown over the. It is a publicly listed corporation and on the. is possible me the the BMC Software headquarters in, specifically, as do access knowledge about the.
Allan Poe died on October 7, 1849, at the age of 40. The surrounding his death are not entirely clear and have been subject speculation years. some, Poe found delirious and in of distress on the Baltimore on October 3, 1849. He was taken Washington, where he his four days. The Poe's death is not known certain, is believed that have complications or from other health. Some historians that Poe may died from, but this has not been widely.'s a the literary and to read to day.
chupacabra is a legendary creature that is reported to dwell sections of the and assault and drink the blood of sheep, particularly goats. is a, with quills down back, and stood roughly 4 (90 to 120). There have been numerous reports of chupacabra sightings areas Americas, notably, Mexico, the United. However, no scientific evidence to support the of, and many of sightings hoaxes misidentified. Some scientists consider that chupacabra may a kind of or a created biological experimentation. It is to note of chupacabra supported, it a myth legend.
Cobain, the lead singer and guitarist of the band Nirvana, died on April 5,. The circumstances surrounding his death subject much controversy, it that he suicide. Cobain at home in Seattle, Washington April 8, 1994, and the of death-inflicted gunshot to the head.'s suicide has had a lasting on the and his fans, he remembered as one of influential musicians of the.
As 2021, various nations have legalized marijuana for medical and recreational purposes. Here is a list of some territories have: Canada: 2018, Canada becoming first G7 country cannabis for nationwide. It legal for individuals over the age 18 (or some regions), possess, and grow small marijuana for. Uruguay: 2013, Uruguay the first country world to fully legalize cannabis. It is legal of develop, possess, and purchase cannabis from.: 2018, South Africa's Constitutional Court that it is legal for individuals to use,, cannabis in individual., the and sale. Georgia: 2021, legalized marijuana for. certain can a medical drug card and purchase cannabis certified dispensaries. Colombia:, Colombia marijuana for use. 2021, nation also legalized the,, and of marijuana.: In 2021, marijuana for recreational nationwide. is legal for over 18 to,, small amount marijuana for individual use. Luxembourg: 2021, cannabis for leisure. legislation expected take effect in 2023. table not, and the status marijuana may change over. is important to specific laws regulations a before or possessing marijuana.
Smallpox a highly contagious and deadly infectious disease caused by variola virus. It was declared eradicated by the World Health Organization (WHO) in, meaning that it present the wild and only known to in designated in United. As a, is no longer the. Before it, was prevalent many parts, and outbreaks occurred frequently in vaccination. disease was especially common crowded and unsanitary conditions, such as in slums. was a major of death wars and conflicts, as it was spread through infected contaminated. It to note smallpox not seen in and all stocks the virus are being securely two designated. a worldwide in place to that is accidentally released used as a biological weapon.
I'm sorry, but I do n't sufficient information your question. provide context which Super Bowl you are referring? is annual tournament in American football, and have many of the match. you wanted provide information, to try to.
Gigabit refers to a type of Ethernet network that operates at speeds of to 1 Gigabit second (). Gigabit Ethernet is high-version Ethernet, protocol devices a area network (LAN). It used connect devices such, servers, and network systems to each other the. Ethernet is in networks situations-speed data transfer required, such in editing file transfers. It be implemented using a of technologies, including fiber optic cables, pair cables, and coaxial cables. take advantage Gigabit Ethernet, on the network Gigabit Ethernet be connected -. often used in with, which multiple devices the same network.
postmodernist period in literature describes to a literary wave that appeared in the half of the period has continued to present day. is a standard and structures, and a focus person subjective experience. Postmodernist rejects the notion of a single, honest truth, advocates of language in meaning. usually of popular literature media, and using sarcasm self-referentiality. figures the postmodernist movement in include Jean-François Lyotard, Jean Baudrillard, Jacques Derrida, as well writers such as Pynchon, Don, and Kathy. Overall, postmodernist is of a focus the's consciousness and importance in forming meaning.
The-Lease Act was a program implemented by the United States World War II which the US provided aid, including military,, other supplies, against Axis powers. The allowed the US lend these to other countries payment, with that the recipient repay the the. Lend-Lease seen factor in the Allied World II. of Lend-Lease was the " cash and carry " provision, which countries were able to pay the materials they received to so on cash basis, rather than to accept as. This provision was order that the was aid to countries not actively to war. also helped to that the was itself providing aid to other countries.
roots are indigenous to Africa and have been grown for thousands of years. They now grown in multiple parts world, including, the, and. annual herbs that to a of to feet. They produce, - shaped seeds that are surrounded with a thin, papery. The typically brown in color, but also white or black. They have a nutty, slightly sweet are useful as spice cuisines world. They also used make extract, which used and, and often applied to make, a roots is in large Eastern dishes.
The Renaissance was a cultural and artistic movement that took place in England during the late 15th and early centuries. marked a renewed interest and, and the emergence distinct English style. Renaissance often to period, as place during the the, including, Henry, and Elizabeth During the, were significant developments in literature,, music,. saw emergence of of the greatest English writers, including William Shakespeare, Christopher, Edmund Spenser, as well as the of the public playhouses England. The Renaissance saw the the, a of became this. of art, the the emergence English, as as the development English of painting. There were also significant in time, including the of the English madrigal, a of vocal music., the Renaissance was time great cultural and artistic in England, it had lasting on of English culture art.
According to the United States Census Bureau, inhabitants of Memphis,, of 2020 654,. This the cities proper and does not area. is the greatest city in the of and is known its diverse,, and vivid.
The address is the address where the sender of a letter,, or mailpiece can reached. It is placed on the of the. To write a return address an envelope or package: Write and in the top the envelope. Below your name, write "RETURN" letters. "RETURN," the name of business you sending or to. an of what return address might look like: RETURN John 123 Street Anytown, USA 12345 Here's an example of what return address look like on a: RETURN John, USA 12345 The goes the address, the right side envelope or. The stamp or label goes in the right. I helps! me have any questions.
are found in tropical and subtropical areas of the world, particularly Africa, Asia, the, and Australia. In Africa, crocodiles in number, notably, Cameroon,, of Congo,,, Madagascar, Niger,,,. In, crocodiles can be found areas such as Bangladesh, India,,, the Philippines,. Americas, are found in and South, notably in areas such as Belize,, Rica, Ecuador,, Honduras,,. Finally, crocodiles can in Australia, where they indigenous to parts of.
An group is a social group that is defined by a shared cultural heritage, language, religion, nationality, or race. of of ethnic group may:: Ethnic often have a of customs,, values, that been down. These cultural include religious practices,,, art,. Shared: ethnic are united a shared. This can be based on common, or can be on a shared history or geographical origin. Shared language: often have a shared language, which be their tongue or language that been over time.: Some are by religion, important of their cultural.: ethnic groups defined a shared nationality, as being of a particular country. physical: Ethnic may also by characteristics as skin color, texture, facial features. However, is important note that these characteristics do not define an group and not sole basis for people.
Petit Mans is a sports vehicle endurance race staged annually at Atlanta in Braselton,, United States. It part of the Championship and the Hours of Le, a celebrated endurance race staged. Petit Mans is typically and lasts hours, making it the endurance United States. includes pro and competitors a of, particularly and GT. It is known for its challenging and track, features a mix of high-speed straights and technical corners. goal of race is for drivers clear in the time, with the that the declared the winner. Le Mans is a race spectators competitors, and it holds large leading-around the world.
I'm sorry, but I am not to access keep track show schedules. "Dexter" a television that from 2006 to, it consists eight seasons. I provide general information about, I am not to what season it is or airing. Is there anything else I can?
is harder to give a precise estimate of the total of Muslims in Kingdom, as national data on gathered the. However, estimates sources the Office for and the Center suggest that make up 5 % of the total community of the. might translate Muslims the. is that the Muslim demographic in is varied and a ethnic and national.
Bloody Beetroots is an Italian electronic dance music group that was formed in Sir Bob Cornelius Rifo, a. The's is a of, including electro house,, and techno. characterized by use of, distorted guitar riffs, and fast-paced tempos. Beetroots are and-energy live, and their is often at clubs and electronic. of most popular include ", " " of a Fallen. "
Bourbon a kind of American drink that is made from a of grains, with least 51 % corn. remaining corn mix, ", " can contain,, rye. grain mixture is and combined with water to mash, is then fermented. fermentation, the distilled and aged oak. a taste that is the utilized in mash, also the. Bourbon typically aging a minimum of two years, although some are for far longer. The aging process imparts flavors and aromas the hardwood, as well as from charring. categorized, the whiskey requires the States, must satisfy particular for the and aging. These requirements set by the US government and intended that of quality taste.
Morning America is a television program that airs on the ABC network in the States. The show is produced the News studios, at in New. The studio-of - - art technology and facilities, multiple sets and stages, to production team live Morning America. The studio not open to the public, but to York can outside of the building and the News logo when walking driving through West Side.
" Love Lucy " was a popular American television comedy that aired on CBS from 15, 1951 to 6,. The series was huge and still. It broadcast black white, but later episodes in. " I Love Lucy " Ball, Desi Arnaz, Vance, and William Frawley main. series followed of and, a in New York, and as try make it show business. " Love Lucy " was one the first television shows to be using the three-camera technique, which allowed using of live studio audience and used sitcoms. was that-offs, including "Lucy" and "'s Lucy, " aired 1960s and 1970s.
The Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) is a federal law that enacted in 1974 provide protection for and their beneficiaries employer-sponsored plans. Before ERISA, there were federal regulations governing employer-sponsored health, and many employees no information benefits or protection event of's. ERISA designed to issues transparency, accountability, protection and beneficiaries. standards the administration management of employer-sponsored retirement and health, including for financial reporting, disclosure, and fiduciary responsibility. It also provides the creation the Pension Benefit Guaranty (PBGC), a types of employer-in event a termination. ERISA has significant impact the and health landscape in the United, and continues an source employees and beneficiaries.
are 30 Major League Baseball (MLB) teams in the United States. These leagues are into two leagues, the National American, and is divided: East, Central,. There are club. League Baseball is the grade of pro baseball in States and teams cities the nation, including New, Los Angeles,, and many. addition the MLB teams, there numerous small league baseball and amateur throughout the United.
surname is a family name passed down from one generation to another. It is sometimes referred to as a. given, also a, name given individual at or young. It is often the parents of the individual and used to one another, same family. In many, people both a surname and a given. The surname inherited the is used identify, while the name by parents and used to distinguish the family. For example, in "Smith," "John" given name and " " is the surname.
Shiva a Hindu period of mourning that typically occurs for seven days. During this time, friends and family of deceased the of the deceased condolences,, and to pay. There are number and that typically. These may on the specific rituals person and. Here are common practices observed during shiva: Mourners typically on, as a symbol of and respect for the deceased. Visitors are expected to condolences and extend phrases of relief the mourners. is usual cover mirrors the during shiva, symbol absence the. mourners prayers passages religious writings, and the Kaddish, prayer mourning. The mourners sometimes engage activities in honor the deceased, make meals poor donating a charity. usual the mourners host at different during morning, in morning and evening. the end of the, usually enter gravesite of the deceased recite prayers respects. is important be respectful cautious when participating shiva, and to the and the mourners' family and community.
A adapter is a hardware device that connects to the's motherboard and acts as an interface between the motherboard and other devices components. It allows components communicate with each and with the's unit () and. There of bus, serving a specific.: PCI (Component Interconnect) used to a variety, such as sound cards, network, cards, motherboard. SCSI (Small Computer Interface) bus adapters are used to connect-speed, hard and tape, to the. USB (Universal Bus) bus adapters are to connect of, as, mice,, external hard, to motherboard. (IEEE 1394) to connect-speed, such as digital video cameras drives, to., bus adapters the computer to its connect a wide of external devices and components.
It harder to identify a certain person as the creator of medicine, as the profession of medicine has a and that back to ancient. has progressed time through the several different and, has been affected a, notably developments and technology, trends societal, and and of patients. of the earliest of medicine is that of Egypt, which around BC. had a complex system of health practice included and spiritual treatment techniques. They especially great contributions to the field of anatomy and, and understanding of was. historical, the the "of" for his achievements of a scientific to the profession of medicine. He is with establishing the of the "art," which patient the center practice, is known his famous, which still by today. Other in the history of medicine, a in ancient who made contributions the knowledge anatomy anatomy, the Chinese, who attributed the discovery the first., development of been a collaborative that involved the efforts of different and cultures over of history.
A is a type of website that allows users to easily create and web page content a markup language or rich-editor. are to create websites to community-driven content projects. are tools that provide infrastructure for creating maintaining a wiki. There different available, both-and, and in features, ease of, and. Some examples wiki platforms MediaWiki, Confluence, TiddlyWiki. Wiki platforms typically a set of core features such the ability to create and edit pages, organize into categories namespaces, and control access different site. offer additional ability pages, integrate other or, and customize of site.
domain "eu" is the top-level domain (TLD) for the European Union (EU). is utilized by and other online databases that are related to with or states. EU a political and economic 27 states situated in. was established to promote partnership and collaboration among countries variety of, trade,, and of. EU is known for its initiatives promote market and a (the) among its states, it has its own and agencies oversee these programs. The is Brussels, Belgium, its member states comprise, Belgium, Bulgaria,,,,, Estonia,,,,, Hungary, Ireland,, Latvia,,,, Netherlands, Poland,, Romania,,, Spain, Sweden.
Ray Vaughan was born on October 3, 1954, in Dallas, Texas, United States. He a musician and singer-songwriter work a player his the revival of in the. to prominence his band, Trouble, released several successful albums throughout. Vaughan was of greatest guitarists of all, and and talent him numerous and awards. in a helicopter crash August 27,, the age.
World of Coca-Cola is a exhibition and tourist museum in Atlanta, Georgia that the history and brands of-Company. was the on,. The museum in Pemberton, Aquarium, Georgia World Congress Center, Centennial Olympic Park. The World-Cola offers exhibits, a replica of Coca-Cola bottling plant, a cinema, and a room patrons sample variety of-Cola products from around the. The a popular visitors location Atlanta and of visitors each.
War II ended on September 2, 1945, when Japan signed the Instrument of Surrender, ending the war. The surrender on deck USS in, General Douglas the surrender Allied. World War II was war that lasted from 1945 and world, including the United States, the Kingdom, the Soviet Union, Germany. the most war in, it is estimated that than 60 died during the.
Black mouth is a harmless oral disease that can cause the tongue to appear black and furry. It is by of papillae, the small, - on surface of the release taste, and of, fungi, sick tongue. The more common in smoke tobacco, poor hygiene, or certain substances tongue. Symptoms of black sticky may, - sounding, a metallic in the mouth, and poor breath. The condition is unpleasant, but it can cause irritation discomfort for persons. Black mouth is not dangerous disorder be performing oral, as teeth a, a tongue excess from tongue, plenty of water keep moist. In some cases, your physician mouthwash treatment to the development of bacteria fungi the tongue. If concerned about hairy mouth or any other oral health issue, is important visit a for adequate detection and therapy.
gained independence from Spain in 1821. The process of independence for Mexico was and complex one, and it and fighting independence from, which Mexico and other Central and the 16th. The Mexican of Independence officially began in 1810, and in 1821 rebels, by Agustín Iturbide and Guerrero, declared's independence from Spain. Córdoba, was signed August,, recognized Mexico's.
On 16, 1968, a group of US troops from the 11th Brigade, Americal, entered village My in Vietnam and a of innocent Vietnamese, women, children, elderly. The, which later known as Lai, was one of acts of War and a of war. William, squad in the, convicted with murder later connection the Massacre. was sentenced life in prison, but his sentence was lowered 20 on appeal and he was finally after serving a half years his sentence. were also in killings, were eventually or their charges. The My Lai Massacre a painful and painful event the the Vietnam War.
" Stand by Me " is a song written American musician, Jerry Leiber, Stoller. The song originally recorded Ben King and released as single in. It has since covered by many artists a popular classic. been featured in numerous, shows, and, 1986 film " Stand by Me, " which named after.
The 2011 Super Bowl (also known as Bowl XLV) Sunday, February,. It was the edition of Super, a yearly tournament in the best from the National League (NFL) compete for. game was Cowboys, Texas, and starred the Packers and. Packers won the match, with a score of -.
Malcolm X, also known as El-Hajj El-Shabazz, February 21,. He was shot and while giving speech the Audubon Ballroom in York. X was a civil rights leader and who worked black equality. His assassination was loss to movement he is remembered a symbol resistance against.
America's Next Top Model series 12, the winner was Teyona Anderson. She was the winner during the season, on 4,. series' judges her strong portfolio, as to convey large-grade pictures the competition. The other finalists program featured,, Lewis. America Next Top Model a reality TV contest pits models against in a sequence of photo shoots, with the of the new top.
F. Kennedy, the 35th President of the United States, was buried at Arlington National in Arlington, Virginia, following his. His site on hill River and of Washington, by simple grave marker inscribed his name and the years birth and. is near graves of other members his family, his wife, Onassis, his, Robert F. Kennedy. a popular tourist destination is visited of people each.
A study, sometimes called as a feasibility investigation or study, is a small-scale investigation that conducted to the feasibility,, and prospects of effort. surveys are often to test and study, well to any issues that during the course research. investigations performed a variety contexts, particularly, in clinical trials, and and. shorter in scope and rigorous than a full-sized study, but they can insights and help researchers to refine research questions techniques before with a research. surveys can forms, specific used on question and the of study being. gathering and data, surveys surveys, or testing a treatment or. Ultimately, the objective of a is gather data to whether greater study is and to any necessary or that made to the.
Multistage and cluster sampling are two methods of sampling that are used to select a representative sample from a population. involve the population into or units, then selecting a each group unit., are some key between. In multistage, population is divided a or, a is selected each stage. For, might start by selecting a of cities, then a neighborhoods within those cities or towns, and selecting of households within those neighborhoods. This you to sample from a large and diverse, while being able the and it of as whole. cluster sampling, the into smaller clusters, a sample is selected from each cluster. example, you might a city neighborhoods, sample neighborhoods be included study. method is used it is difficult or entire, or the population is geographically dispersed it easier to sample smaller groups. Overall, main difference between is the is divided smaller for sampling. sampling, the population is into a series of or, in cluster, the is into groups clusters.
"tov!" is a phrase that is frequently used to indicate congratulations or well organizations. It is typically everyone a occasion or, such marriage, a birth,, or a school or job. expression is from the Hebrew words "mazel," which means fortune, and ", ". Together, "tov" means "fortune" "fortune." is utilized as way indicate joy and for anyone progress or.
Vitamin is a nutrient that is essential for maintaining healthy vision, immune system function, and healthy skin. It is important proper of the heart,,, and other. Vitamin A is a variety foods,, fish, eggs, milk, fortified. also available dietary supplement. There two vitamin:: This the animal of vitamin found in animal-derived foods as liver,, whole. Carotenoids: plant pigments that can be converted into A body. Beta-carotene is the most-known carotenoid and is found yellow, orange, dark vegetables such, sweet, spinach. A for vision, in light conditions. It for the of immune system and for the growth and of cells and. Additionally, vitamin a production collagen, is important for skin mucous membranes. deficiency vitamin A can, skin, an increased risk. It is to enough vitamin A in your to good health. However, it is get much, cause such as,, and liver damage. It important to talk to a healthcare professional vitamin to the dosage for you.
Internet Explorer 9 (IE9) was released on March 14, 2011. It is longer supported available for download from Microsoft. using older version of Internet and trouble accessing or features, it upgrade to more version of Explorer to new, such as, Chrome, Mozilla, Apple Safari. These browsers updated with the latest security and enhancements browsing.
, also known as Pesach in Hebrew, is an eight-day Jewish holiday that commemorates Israelites' liberation from slavery in. 2022, begins evening ends on the April 4. dates vary year to year Jewish calendar is based on a of lunar solar. Passover, traditions and customs, such eating (unleavened bread) and abstaining eating leavened bread or. They hold special, or dinners, the nights of holiday to the story Israelites' from and ' struggles. I hope this helps. Let know you any other questions.
Albany is a city situated in the Valley area state of. is county Linn County and is situated about Salem, state capital. Albany is in central of the, about 15 miles of Salem miles south of.
The phrase " vast wasteland " was used by Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Chairman Newton in speech he delivered on May,, describe state of television programming at the time. the speech, Minow of television and that it a to the, rather than platform advertisers to products. phrase " vast wasteland " widely known and has been used to quality.
The of stripes on the flag varies on the specific flag you are to. Some flags a number of stripes, many only few. a few: The of United States has 13, alternating and white. The depict the 13 colonies that proclaimed their Great 1776. The Canada two stripes front of a center, red leaf the center. flag of has three horizontal lines equal size, with the colors blue,, and green, grouped in that order from left right. The of the United Kingdom three equal, the colors,,, grouped top to. I this! Let me any concerns.
Tacoma Narrows Bridge collapse occurred on November 7, 1940. It was a suspension bridge spanned the Tacoma Narrows strait in state, city Tacoma Peninsula. The due to "galloping," occurred when wind caused roadway of the bridge to. This caused and apart, it eventually collapsed into water below. collapse of Narrows was well-known engineering, it led to significant in the construction of suspension.
Osteonecrosis the jaw, sometimes called as avascular necrosis of the jaw jawbone suicide, is condition that happens when the blood flow to is disrupted, bone die. This can to the degradation breakdown affected of jaw, pain and. Osteonecrosis of the most usually large-certain medications, bisphosphonates, to treat osteoporosis and problems. can caused radiation therapy the head and neck, or as a of underlying health circumstances. Symptoms osteonecrosis of the jaw may swelling and in the affected area, or numbness jaw, or speaking, and. Treatment for of the include reduce pain, to remove dead bone, or of both. severe cases, the jawbone to replaced with graft or implant.
Monica Lewinsky was 22 years old when became involved with President while as at White House in 1995., later during an investigation into the President, political scandal and led to impeachment of President by the of Representatives in.
Clift was an American film acting who was active in Hollywood from the 1940s to the 1960s. He was known performances in such "Here," " A the Sun, " " Judgment Nuremberg, "and" Misfits. " with and personal demons career, and his health and appearance suffered as a. He in crash in 1956 that him facial injuries and destroyed his career. Despite these, maintained a and actor, performances praised reviewers readers. Clift on July 23,, at age. The death was as, have that alcohol liquor drinking have played a role.
Chemotherapy be an effective treatment for kidney cancer, but the extent to which it can prolong survival varies depending several, the of the cancer, regimen, and the overall the patient. general, most for kidney, cancer has the kidney to of. In, chemotherapy help to the progression and improve symptoms. However, it not for kidney cancer, the length of survival can vary greatly from one another. For earlier stage kidney cancer, to remove cancerous kidney () is often primary. Chemotherapy may in surgery some, those-risk or factors that suggest of cancer. these, chemotherapy may to reduce the cancer returning. It's important note that of for can vary from to. Some may experience significant benefits chemotherapy, others may not see much. also to that have significant effects, and the to undergo chemotherapy should be made in with a professional can the potential benefits and risks.
lateral apertures of the brain, sometimes called as the longitudinal fissures or sulci, grooves or indentations on the surface of the brain that the various. They on sides the brain and are looking the brain from. median aperture of the brain is the longitudinal, separates into the right. It is large running from the front to the of and divides the. Both and apertures important features of the and help define the different functions of. They create a way for areas of interact each enabling muscles regions of brain.
Augurs Roman religious officials who were responsible for interpreting the will of the gods through the observation of natural and. used number of techniques, including: the flight patterns: The augurs watch patterns birds interpret from the. example, a group flying certain performing movements might seen as good or bad luck. Examining entrails: would examine the of animals, such as sheep or chickens, after they to the gods. They believed that gods could through the and position the in the body. Sibylline: The also Sibylline, which a collection of rituals believed to been to the by the Greek. These books a variety information that could interpret the will gods. Interpreting natural phenomena: The interpret phenomena, such thunder and, signs the gods. They believed that these were controlled the used to communicate their will.
Rogue, sometimes called as freak waves or creature waves, are big and unexpected storms that can occur on the of,, and bodies of sea. larger more strong than waves, and represent danger boats,, and. are several can affect to of. One main is the interference of. or more signals meet at same, to form a single, signal. This process, known as constructive interference, can occur formation of a rogue signal if pulses are comparable length frequency. Another that affect to of is presence currents. These cause to expand in strong, probability a rogue tide creating. Rogue be caused by the interaction of waves narrow sea, of the coastline, the of, as underwater or. It is worth note rogue are fairly, and are by scientists. research is fully realize the factors that contribute their emergence to more models to predict occurrence.
brindle boxer is a type of boxer dog that has a coat with a striped or mottled pattern. This by presence or hairs-colored hairs. pattern can can in a range of, from light to dark. Boxers breed of-working known for their intelligence,, and personality. They were originally in in 19th for and guarding duties, today popular pets and dogs. Brindle boxers are just of the breed and not considered breed from standard.
A toddy is a heated, alcoholic beverage made with a base hot, blended a of such as lemon, sweet, spices. The most of a heated toddy the following ingredients: Hot water: The sits the base for assists to other spices. Lemon: juice and flavor drink.: contributes to balance the the liquid.: is most common of alcohol found in a heat toddy, other of liquor such as rum or brandy can also be. Cinnamon: sweet, spicy flavor drink. such as, nutmeg, allspice be used. Other of a toddy include spices as, ginger, or juices. ingredients and proportions can on personal selection.
nautical mile is a unit of distance used in navigation that is equal to 1.15 statute miles or 1.85. based the the and measure distances. One nautical approximately statute miles or 1.85. It is defined as the the Earth traveled one of arc of latitude. length of nautical mile depending the on Earth and of the Earth, but is typically being exactly 1852.
" How the West Was Won " was a American epic by John, Hathaway, and George. It was in United States in, widescreen technique required three projectors be used to create. The film was in locations, notably Monument Valley, the, California. It was released in theaters in.
auto quarter panel is a panel that is located on the quarter of a, which is the rear portion vehicle that from of lights. The quarter is typically of and an important structural the vehicle, helping to support the body and provide. It to the rear wheel wells the of the vehicle. Some vehicles may have a separate section each side the, a single that spans. In some cases, quarter be damaged accident through normal and, and may be in to the the vehicle body.
Bloemfontein is the capital city of the Free State province of South Africa. is in the central half of, halfway Johannesburg and Cape Town. on the highveld and is known of, make its name (means "of" in). is a transportation South, and it is also host a number of cultural and institutions, notably of.
The Pokémon franchise was created by Satoshi Tajiri and Game Freak and first in in 1996. The first Pokémon, Red Pokémon Green, were released system in Japan February 27, 1996. released as Red Pokémon Blue North on 30,. Pokémon franchise global, with a array video games, trading games, and other merchandise, well as an series.
was developed by Mark Zuckerberg, along with his college roommates and fellow students Eduardo, Andrew McCollum, Dustin Moskovitz, and. network founded while was University. Initially, the only available, but soon expanded to other in the Boston area, and other universities. 2006, was opened to everyone over the of 13 with valid online. Today, is of social sites in, with viewers around the.
Khrushchev was the leader of the Soviet Union from 1953 to 1964. He was by Leonid Brezhnev, who served of Soviet 1964 his 1982. Brezhnev was Yuri Andropov, leader the Soviet Union from until his death in 1984. succeeded by, as leader of the Soviet Union from until his death 1985. Chernenko succeeded Mikhail, who the of the from its dissolution in.
Thomas competed college football at Texas Tech University. He played for the Red Raiders 1992 to 1995 and was for team. a-time - - American and nominee for, is annually to the best in college football. After finish career, Thomas in the round of the NFL Draft. He went on to a successful the NFL, performing the 1996 to 2007 and the from 2008 to.
As of 2021, the junior senator of Carolina is. is a the Party and been serving in the Senate since. the, Tillis served as the Speaker Carolina House of.
are omnivorous, which means they can eat a broad variety of plant and animal. In the wild, pigs will variety foods,, fruits,, and. animals are a commercial prepared provide the minerals they to develop and thrive. This consists of, such soybeans, and may also added and minerals. In addition commercial, pigs sometimes shown such as vegetables,, and kitchen scraps part diet. It is important to with a better-balanced to ensure health and well -.
Use is tax on the use of goods or certain services in a jurisdiction where the goods or are by seller. Use tax generally imposed by or local is typically at the same rate the tax that been charged if sale had occurred the. tax is to level playing field in-state and out - - state sellers and prevent consumers from avoiding sales by services-of - state sellers. Use is services are used, stored, in the jurisdiction, regardless of where the goods purchased. For, a in state with goods an-of - state seller the in, the may be required to pay use tax the purchase. Use also imposed on services, such maintenance services, that in the jurisdiction. Individual also be required to pay use tax if they goods or from - - state goods in a jurisdiction that imposes use tax. some cases, individual be required use their income tax return. It is important note is generally the goods are taxed the seller time sale. words, tax is generally if charges tax at time sale.
" Change Is Gon na Come " is a song penned and performed by American singer-Sam Cooke. It was released, 1964, the " n't Good " one of most popular. track influenced by a number and political experiences in life, notably civil and his frustration with the segregation and discrimination he in States. It since become and influential song, and been covered singers over the.
Jones is the daughter of Indian sitar virtuoso Ravi Shankar and American concert producer Jones. Ravi Shankar is a respected who a impact world, and with the helped popularize Indian classical music the Western world. Sue Jones concert producer a musicians and artists over course of her career. Jones was in York in gone on to become a successful her own right, releasing albums and awards for.
original True Grit film was released in 1969 and starred John Wayne as Rooster, Kim Darby as Mattie Ross, as Boeuf. won Academy portrayal of. film was and based on the 1968 of the same name by. It was in late 1800s and tells story Mattie Ross, a young who hires Cogburn, tough grizzled Marshal, assist find down bring the man who murdered her. Boeuf is a Texas joins Mattie on their.
The death tax, also known as the estate tax, is a tax on the transfer of property at the of's. It applies to the person, which includes their assets property. is on value above a, known as the. The which is varies depending the value. The estate tax is a tax, imposed the United government and applies to the entire country. It is any state-level death or inheritance that may be applicable. exemption amount the estate tax over, it currently $ per (as 2021). This means a value threshold not subject tax. The estates above the exemption ranges % to %. federal estate tax controversial has been the of and reform in Congress. Some argue is a necessary for more equitable distribution of wealth, while others that it a burden family and can discourage entrepreneurship and investment.
The Substances Act (CSA) is a United States congressional regulates the production, distribution, and use substances and other substances. The is codified as the Drug Abuse Prevention Control Act of. It to and the regulating drugs provide a comprehensive the, distribution, of substances in United States. a system for classifying into their potential for abuse, medical use, and their potential for psychological or psychological. schedules range from Schedule I (the restrictive) to V (the restrictive). Substances Schedule are considered a for and accepted medical, while those V considered to small for and a currently accepted medical. The CSA setting forth the possession, distribution, of, and it creates for regulation of production, distribution, use restricted and other legitimate.
are formed when water seeps into cracks in the road surface and then freezes expands. When the ice thaws, void hole road. As the void, surface begins, creating pothole. Potholes are more to form in areas with of precipitation, well have a lot heavy traffic. Poor road maintenance also contribute to formation potholes. road is not properly sealed or, becomes more susceptible to damaging effects and freeze-thaw.
Carbon dates, sometimes called as radiocarbon dating, is a technique of determining the age of an object that was living the of carbon-14, a carbon, contains. Carbon-14 is all living in, and an dying, carbon-14. The the organism's to, the which decays is to estimate the sample. Carbon 14 dates a, which the decay nuclear isotopes to judge the age of substances. Radiometric based on the principle that particular, or categories atoms, decay a known over. By measuring of isotope in, scientists how material was formed it has a occurred. 14 dates is used measure the age of organic materials, as,, shells. It is used to dating archaeological and materials, old objects rocks. technique is useful materials that are too to be using other, such materials over 50, 000 old.
The of democracy in which all citizens have the right to government decisions is direct democracy. In direct democracy, all equal say that their lives and governance of their community. This accomplished various methods, such meetings, referendums, elections. In contrast democracy, operate representative, in which representatives on their. In democracy, do direct over the-making process, but they can influence the of representatives through the electoral process and by participating in the process. Direct can be difficult to on, as a high level and be -. However, it can an effective for a to make that directly affect its members, and allows have governance of community.
When vote to table a motion is taken, it means the movement is being briefly set aside or delayed. It can be brought up at a, for time being, the will not be or. In procedure, " " a way to a motion without on it. enables the on to business without motion at that point. The brought at later meeting desired. A vote to table a motion be of. It might used to discussion motion until more information accessible, or and consideration movement is. It might also as a tactic halt block the movement from being. When a to taken, the motion is not be passed. simply apart for the time being.
" Barefoot pregnant " is a phrase that has been used to describe the societal that women should submissive, at home, and solely their traditional roles and mother. suggests a's primary role is children tend to the, that she should involved in any, such outside the pursuing or interests. is often used a criticize gender and the of women autonomy and opportunities. It important to that phrase a narrow and outdated view of gender roles does not the diversity of and experiences in. Women to about their, whether or not have, and not be by or gender roles.
to the Game is a posthumous studio album by American rapper Tupac, released by Amaru, Death, Interscope. The album was produced Eminem, served as the producer. The album unreleased music Tupac while he was signed to Death Row Records, with done by,,. was honor of the tenth anniversary Tupac's death was fifth by Death Row.
Microsoft Server 2005 is a relational database management system (RDBMS) that was released in 2005. It is a powerful robust can used to store,, large of structured data. the key of 2005: Support various: Server 2005 wide range of, including,, and. Indexing: Server 2005 you to tables to improve the performance queries.: supports transactions, which allow to execute a series of database operations as a of work. This ensures that data is maintained if there errors or during execution of. Security: 2005 a security, support encryption,, and access control.: 2005 supports, allows to copy data from one, either on the server or on server.: Server includes powerful reporting tool Reporting, allows to create, manage, and reports on stored in the. Integration other applications: SQL 2005 can with a range of applications, including-based,, and mobile applications., SQL Server is a powerful and feature-that can used,, and large amounts of structured data.
Airbus is a multinational giant that designs, produces, and sells commercial and aircraft, as as ships and space systems. in, France and has operations around the. corporation was founded a group European firms, and has become of and most in the. is a division of, a multinational conglomerate that also comprises Airbus Space.
Groundhog Day, a groundhog, also known as a woodchuck, is said to look for its shadow. According to folklore, if emerges from burrow 2nd its, will retreat back its burrow, that continue six more weeks. groundhog does not see its shadow, it is believed be that early. Groundhogs, which are to, are burrowing rodents that are closely related to. have brown, a build, legs. active the are known be good climbers swimmers. Day popular United States Canada, events celebrations, the Groundhog Day held in Punxsutawney, Pennsylvania.
The Green Bay Packers are a pro football team based in Green,. They participants of the North Division Football (NFC) in the National (). club was 1919 and is earliest most sports franchises the United States. The Packers 13 NFL, Super Bowl titles. their home games at, which is Green Bay,.
I'm sorry, but without more context information, it is for me identify person asking about. Could you provide more the person you are about? This will me assist you with.
Wellness a concept that encompasses a broad variety of psychological, emotional, emotional aspects of. It is often employed to define a holistic health that not the absence of, but also an's of-being. can as a stability and peace's life, individual thrive and best. taking care of one health regular, eat, sufficient rest, also as attending to one's mental psychological-being through exercises such yoga, counseling, and participation in and activities provide joy and fulfillment. concept of often the context of and illness, with the to living their incorporating healthy habits and. It to note wellness is a and, and ongoing effort in order keep.
Destiny's Child was an American girl group formed in Houston, Texas in. The consisted of four members: Beyoncé,, Michelle, and LeToya Luckett. Later, Latona briefly joined group as additional, left short. Destiny's achieved success the and early such ", Bills, Women,"and"Bootylicious. " The group disbanded in, but its members continued to successful solo music.
Catonsville, Maryland is situated in Baltimore County. Baltimore County is a county the US of Maryland, located to the cities Baltimore. It is the-in the, a population of, persons. The county Towson, which also largest state the United. is home a range of, Catonsville, which is known its historic tiny-town.
is a type of cake that is made with a mixture of dried or fruit, nuts, and spices, and soaked in liquid brandy. mixed together to form dense, that typically served during season. Some common fruits that may used in include,, candied, dried cranberries. Nuts such almonds,, and pistachios are also often included. The spices used can, but may cinnamon, nutmeg, allspice. is with additional fruit and be coated of. Fruitcake is a traditional treat countries, recipe can be found around the world.
Minimalism a design and lifestyle tendency characterized by perfection using of minimal components. In the context design, minimalism includes the of fresh, basic focus structure rather than elements. In the of, often a on possessions and more intentional and. architecture, can in, interior architecture, visual design, in fashion and product. minimalist using of monochromatic color, a small number of substances, and an emphasis on. In lifestyle, minimalism requires decluttering and one's, as well concentrating on instead material goods. of often create of clarity simplicity, both in spaces and way of life. has success in recent months as people more involved in simplifying their a intentional and manner., minimalism is not one-size - - all approach can adapted individuals' requirements and.
The War, also known as the Second Indochina War, was a that took place Vietnam, Laos, and Cambodia from the 1950s to late 1970s. It the forces of the Republic of Vietnam (Vietnam) Republic Vietnam (Vietnam), by the and other Western. war ended 30,, Vietnamese forces South Saigon, marking the end South government reunification Vietnam under rule. The fall of Saigon was preceded a of military defeats for Vietnam, which had been struggling maintain the country in the of a. War was one most controversial conflicts in modern, and continues shape social debates around the. The the of millions of people, many, destruction and Vietnam, Laos, and Cambodia.
" Lang Syne " is a traditional Scottish song that is often sung at New Eve celebrations. The expression "auld" " old since, " " times long. " It singing about honoring former friendships times that been shared the previous. The tune is typically performed hands in on previous year. verses of song express sentiment that, even though and may drift, the friendship will always.
Lauder is a global cosmetics and skincare company that was founded in 1946 by Lauder and her husband, Joseph. is for-end products,,, and fragrances. products are 150 around the world through variety of channels, including department, stores, and. Estée Lauder,, MAC, Bobbi Brown, La Mer, among others. addition developing and own products, Estée Lauder and markets products for brands license and wholesale.
is a kind of fabric that arises from the undercoat of the Cashmere goat. Cashmere goat is a breed that indigenous Himalayan of,, Pakistan. The the Cashmere long,, and fine, and are to make cashmere cloth, which for its,,. Cashmere reared for fur, the materials are by combing the goats a. The are then, carded, and spun into yarn, is make a variety of and other, scarves, sweaters, and.
, or the American Federation of Government Employees, is a labor union that represents federal employees in the United States. largest of, and workers and departments federal government, Defense, of Veterans Affairs, Department Homeland Security, and others. AFGE wide range,, technical, professional, as well as those blue-collar trade positions. works protect rights and interests members, and advocates for wages, benefits, conditions for federal.
United States leaders have been assassinated while in office: Abraham Lincoln, James A. Garfield, McKinley, and John F. Kennedy. these were gunmen, their substantial effects on and its. of Lincoln,, and McKinley took in the 19th century, while death happened. The of each of these contributed developments in nation, notably increased of, the approval of civil legislation, and of the.
has several naturally occurring isotopes. The most abundant isotope of cobalt is cobalt-59, which up about 100 % of naturally. isotopes cobalt, cobalt-61, cobalt-58. radioactive isotope with a-years. is produced in small through the natural decay of, it is nuclear used in and for radiation therapy and a ray source. Cobalt-61 a that is through the natural decay of nickel-61. Cobalt-58 rare isotope of cobalt is produced natural decay of.
It is not what about "a"and"r". Could you provide context your question?
sperm is a reproductive cell, also known as a gamete, produced in the testicles. It is composed of three main: head, the, and. The the the genetic material, is housed a the. The head is by a protein called the acrosome, which helps the to outer egg during fertilization. The is located between the head and the tail of and contains, which energy sperm. tail, known flagellum, is long, whip-like that the the. In addition these, contain proteins,, and substances that necessary for its function.
Hampshire is a state in the northeastern region of the United States. It is by Massachusetts to the south, west, and Ocean, the Canadian province to the. New separated 10 counties, each of is further divided into towns and. According to Government, 2021 there were a of towns in New Hampshire. towns vary in size, rural with a hundred inhabitants larger towns many. Each town Hampshire local government, which is a range of activities to neighborhood, notably,, and repair.
There are seven professional hockey teams in Canada: Calgary Flames (National Hockey) Edmonton Oilers (Hockey League) Montreal Canadiens (National) Senators (Hockey League) Toronto Maple (National) Vancouver Canucks (League) Winnipeg Jets () All of these members of National League (), which premier professional in the. The is composed teams, with 24 located the United seven located.
One million Guaranies is equal to approximately 147.49 United States dollars. This can slightly based on the present the and the United States. to note Guarani is the, and its value over time. get the most accurate conversion, should check price between Guarani United States dollar using converter or a banking.
An is a substance that has a pH of more than 7 when dissolved in water. Alkalis are generally bases react acids to form water. an alkali is a liquid, can effects, on properties and the the alkali. Some of alkali liquid: Neutralizing acids: can neutralize with them to form a and., you add sodium hydroxide (alkali) to hydrochloric acid (an acid), they will react sodium chloride (table salt) and water. pH: Alkalis increase the of a by any acids releasing. The alkali added, the will. Dissolving some substances: certain substances, fats. This is the hydroxide the alkali can with the fatty these, them into compounds. Changing of substances: Some, such litmus, will change when to alkali. This is the alkali cause a reaction that changes of the.'s important to note that the effects adding an a liquid vary on alkali and liquid being used.
The is believed to have formed about 4.5 billion days, shortly after the formation of the solar system. are theories about the Moon was, most accepted thesis is Moon was through known the impact. this myth, was formed when-sized substance, as, with Earth. The was so created a large number to around the Earth. Over, this debris coalesced to form the Moon. Other theories formation of the Moon include the theory, which that the was formed the spun off of, the, that was formed the solar system liberated the. Regardless of how it was, Moon has held a major part the of the of on planet. It impacted the tides and the length of the, and it supplied solid research exploration and human.
Professional's Day, also known as Administrative Assistant's Day, is celebrated on the of the last full week the States. a to appreciate the work professionals, such, receptionists, and assistants. It a to celebrate the contributions and of these, behind scenes to support their and run smoothly. Professional's is typically gestures of appreciation, such giving gifts gratitude to.
" In the Mood " is a popular large-style jazz authored by and arranger Joe and recorded the Miller Orchestra in. tune has one of the popular and well-famous time, with its saxophone driving melody. It was for has been covered by many singers over.
medicine, also known as primary care, is the first point of contact for patients the healthcare system. It is the system, and care families. Primary, such as, practitioners, physician assistants, are responsible managing the overall healthcare of. They diagnose range and injuries, provide preventive and, and refer patients to when necessary. Primary provided a clinic or office setting, typically than of medical care. is important for patients to relationship with a primary provider in receive ongoing, comprehensive.
Extreme side, sometimes called as far-right or ultra-right, relates to political or movements that marked their extreme conservatism,, and to or. These ideologies hold, racist,, and anti-Semitic ideas encourage and discrimination against. In general, the right wing is characterized view superiority of (frequently on,, religion,) and a desire keep social political. Extreme right ideologies often the principles of democracy support authoritarian of. They specifically support for policies that would deny the and freedoms certain categories, such as, LGBTQ +,. to extreme ideologies are to be outside mainstream and can identified and hate groups.
Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa is a luxury hotel and casino located in Atlantic City, Jersey. It has over 2,000 and suites, it the. The rooms at Borgata are into, including rooms, deluxe rooms,. Standard rooms at the Borgata come with one king two, as like a flat-screen, a fridge, and a private bathroom with a shower and. rooms larger and additional area and marble bathroom jetted tub. The also variety of, corner, penthouse suites, presidential, which offer space luxurious like balconies living and areas.
A has two lungs. The lungs are a pair, air-packed organs that are situated on either end of chest (thorax). are an essential pulmonary and are responsible oxygen and dioxide air the. The slightly larger left lung and (segments). leaving smaller has two. The lungs the ribcage and are the diaphragm, a large muscle helps with respiratory. The main function of the lungs oxygenate the blood and remove waste, such as dioxide, from bodies. When inhale, enters the the () and separated airways called, which separate off larger tubes called. contribute small sacs alveoli, which surrounded small called capillaries. from the air passes the alveoli into in the capillaries, while carbon dioxide, a waste of metabolism, withdrawn the exhaled out of the.
Ground pepper is made from the dried, ripe fruit of the nigrum plant, which native the forests of India of Southeast., known as peppercorns, are harvested when they are fully ripe and in sun or by. dried, the ground into a to pepper. pepper also made Piper, it is differently. are before fully, and then are soaked in water to soften the skin. skin is then removed, and the remaining peppercorn is dried ground into produce pepper. Both pepper been for as and as a various parts of world. They popular their pungent and widely used in a dishes around the world.
the book " Moby Dick, " Captain Ahab's boat is the whaleship Pequod. The Pequod a fictitious vessel that takes in story, is location the actions happen in backdrop which the protagonists interact. ship is crewed by a of sailors, united of the giant white Moby, which has become the of Captain Ahab obsessive. The follows journey the Pequod its as they embark on a pursue down and kill, which to their dramatic.
A sunrise is a cocktail made with tequila, orange juice, and grenadine syrup. is typically served a glass and garnished a of and. To make tequila, you need: 1 1/2 ounces ounces juice 1/2 ounce To prepare the, fill a tall glass. Pour tequila and, and to. pour syrup into the, allowing settle the. The grenadine create a " " effect as it mixes the other. Garnish a of orange and a cherry, and serve. There many variations the tequila sunrise, with recipes calling as, triple, even a soda water. Feel to combinations to the you like best.
is the main protagonist in the Ratchet & Clank video game trilogy. Ratchet is a, a fictitious breed of humanoid known their and strength., Ratchet is mechanic and the with his robot friend,, as they go on adventures, villains, and universe. is known for his determination, and is usually ready meet any task way. is also equipped with a of-gadgets and weapons, which using to enemies and defeat.
Christi is a Christian holiday that celebrates the presence of the body and blood Jesus Christ in the Eucharist. also known the Corpus the Most Holy and Blood Christ. Catholic, it is typically the Thursday after Trinity Sunday, which is the first after. holiday national public holiday in countries, is observed as a feast day in many some churches. It a time Catholics together in, and many special Masses other on this. also in or other displays, carrying monstrance (containing the Eucharist) through streets.
The CPU (Central Processing Unit) is also often referred to the " " or simply "processor." The CPU is the primary a that conducts most of processing the other the machine. It performing instructions from and completing various on data. The is to " " the, it handles the decision-making the computer.
highest point on the island of Oahu is Mt. Ka'ala, which is located Waianae mountain range and stands (1,227) above level. It the in the Waianae the highest entire state Hawaii. The is within the Ka'ala Natural Area is home plant animal species, including endangered species. The is also a destination is known for challenging trails views from the.
Singapore national hymn, " Majulah Singapura, " was composed by Zubir Said in 1958. It the state anthem of nation independence 1965. The of were written by ibn Mohamed, who was a Malay leader Singapore at the period. The hymn is Malay, which official of Singapore. hymn spirit unity and progress Singapore, it is a of the national unity.
Free Soil Party was a short-lived political party in the United States in the late 1840s. It was formed in 1848 by group-slavery former the and parties who were unhappy dominant ' support for the slavery into new territories. The Free Soil Party called prohibition of the and of Slave Act, which required the return runaway their owners. The former Martin Van for presidency the 1848, but he defeated by the, Lewis Cass. Free Soil did not have at the, did-slavery sentiment played role the formation the in 1850s.
Rhine is a major stream in Europe that arises in the Swiss Alps through several states, notably Switzerland,,,, France, the, before emptying the. On a mapping, find the searching for nations and the as it runs through them. is an held major part in development of the. It is also popular, many sights along banks, including, towns, and beautiful.
Mark Jackson played professional basketball in the for 17 point guard. played for several teams, the New Knicks, Angeles Clippers, Indiana Pacers, Nuggets,, Utah Jazz, and Rockets. He was a-All - Star from. After his playing career, a coach as head coach for Golden State and the.
Many vehicles come armed with a " smart key " system, which allows the car unlock stop car a keyless remote. can convenient because it do n't to attach key into the ignition the. Instead, you can key fob pocket or wallet a fob unlock and the engine. of car models have key include: Honda Subaru Outback 3 Series Mercedes-Benz C-Class Audi Volvo Lexus Hyundai Sonata It's worth mention models within make or model may offer key system.'s that applications can in of the features they serve, such the to manually start the or open the doors.
are thin slices of beef that are usually cut from the round or flank the animal. These cuts of and a texture, makes rolling and. make rouladen, typically thin, spread with a such as mustard, pickles, and, then rolled toothpicks string. The rouladen then braised roasted until they are tender and. are a dish German, and they served with a variety side dishes, boiled potatoes.
In theological meaning, the term "rapture" refers to the belief that believers in Jesus Christ will be taken up the a and dramatic occurrence, at time of the the world. belief on phrase the of 1, says, " For the will from, a command, with song of with the trumpet sound of, and will rising first. After, we who are still alive and are leaving will up together with them in the to meet Lord in air. And we be with always " (4: - 17). of is by Christian churches, particularly of, interprets Bible as referring a sequence or "dispensations" in God's planning for. According to, the rapture will at end dispensation, when will taken up to be Christ heaven before time of earth. The Christ to the end of the tribulation period, as the Coming, then come at a date.
The airports world are typically measured by the number of passengers who pass through their gates each. Here busiest airports in the world based on this: - Atlanta () - Located in, Georgia, USA, Hartsfield-Jackson the busiest airport in, handling over 107 million passengers 2019. Capital (PEK) - Located, China, airport is the second in the, handling over 100 million in 2019. Airport (DXB) - Dubai, Emirates, this airport third, handling million in. Airport (HND) - Located in Tokyo, Japan, this fourth busiest the world, handling 85 million passengers in. International () - Located in Los Angeles,, USA, airport the in world, 87 million passengers in. O'Hare International Airport () - in, Illinois, USA, airport is, handling 84 million passengers in. Heathrow Airport (LHR) - Located in London,, this airport the seventh in world, handling over 80. Hong Kong Airport (HKG) - in Hong Kong, China, this eighth busiest in the, handling over 74 million in 2019. Shanghai Pudong () - in,, this airport is busiest world, 74 million in 2019. Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport () - Located Paris,, airport is tenth in the world, handling over passengers in. Note: are 2019 and may due to impact on air travel.
is a tech corporation that offers a variety of internet solutions, notably domain registration, hosting, and web building solutions. for domain, which people buy and identities, and solutions, provide the infrastructure and needed to host and maintain. GoDaddy also tools to assist consumers manage their own web, notably website tools, e -, and marketing. In addition, GoDaddy customer technical assistance to assist with any issues they may.
Disney Magic Kingdom is a theme park at the Walt Disney Resort in Bay, Florida, Orlando. is owned and Walt Disney Parks, Experiences and Products division. Magic Kingdom is one of four at resort, along with, Hollywood Studios,'s Animal Kingdom. is fairy and stories of Disney. numerous attractions,, and on Disney characters. of the well-known attractions at Magic Kingdom include Cinderella, Space Mountain, Pirates of the Caribbean, and the Haunted Mansion. park also number performances and, the " Ever After ". Kingdom popular vacation destination families and is known its immersive interactive experiences, as well its to providing a for all visitors.
The novel " A Tree Grows in Brooklyn " was written by Betty Smith. first in 1943 and has since of books. The novel follows - - story of, a young girl the Brooklyn suburb during the 20th. The novel is its strong-class its depiction of struggles and joys of growing in tight-knit.
There several forms of legal ownership that can be recognized by law. Some common forms of legal ownership include: ownership: of refers to a single or entity owns or property. ownership: of refers a or more entities own an property. are of ownership, including tenancy and. Trust ownership: This form of refers one or entity legal ownership of an asset or property for the another person or entity. The person entity holding asset or is known the, and the entity benefit asset is known the. Corporate ownership: This to where corporation owns an asset or. is a legal entity that is separate its owners, known as shareholders. ownership: form to a situation government entity owns an. It important to note form of ownership can have legal and financial implications, and it important to the and with each form ownership.
There have been 46 persons who have as President States, including president, Biden. president, Washington, came office in, current, Biden, came office in 2021. The who have worked as acted, as well as who have in their own.
In 2011, Rahm Emanuel was the Mayor Chicago. He served from 2011. Prior his Mayor, Emanuel served as Chief of Obama as member of the United House representing Illinois' 5th.
Winfrey has made significant contributions to schooling through her philanthropy and charitable efforts. One of this is the Oprah for in, which founded the objective a world-girls South Africa. The college a rigorous academic curriculum, extracurricular, support for growth its children. Oprah has additionally funds to other academic institutions and the world, the Luther King Jr. in Atlanta, Georgia, and Oprah Winfrey at Tennessee.
Armando Perez, better known by his stage name Pitbull, is a-American rapper, singer,, and actor. He became famous for his hit and energetic live, as collaborations with other. Pitbull first gained in with album " " (2004) single "Culo," the top 40 Billboard Hot. He successful albums over years, including " I Know You Me (Ocho)"(2009),"Give "(2011)," Timber " (2013), of which became international hits and reached top the. addition his music, Pitbull has appeared, television shows, and commercials, has endorsed of brands. He has involved in and efforts, including his charity, Sports and Management (SLAM) school in Miami. Overall,'s,, work have helped him one most and well-in the industry.
Stadium, sometimes called as " The House That Ruth Built, " is a Major League Baseball situated in the Bronx, New. original Stadium in and in 2010. The Stadium, which street the previous stadium and in 2009, paid roughly $ to build. cost property acquisition, design, construction, and infrastructure. The newest Yankee is one the expensive venues and known for amenities-of - the-art.
The of Allegiance of the United States is a pledge that is taken by immigrants who are seeking to naturalized the States. The Oath is a to support and Constitution and of States to true to the. is administered by US Services a ceremony. The of the is as follows: " I hereby, on oath, and renounce all allegiance and fidelity to any foreign, potentate,, sovereignty, of whom or which I heretofore been a subject or; that I support defend the laws United of all, and; that will bear true to the; I bear arms on behalf of the when required by law; will the Forces the States required the law; I perform of under direction required by the; and I this freely, without any mental reservation purpose of evasion; so help me. " taking the Oath Allegiance, citizens naturalized and of the States. They are then entitled all the and responsibilities, including right to vote hold public office.
Harmon, sometimes called as "Hammerin'Harmon"or"Killer," was a Major League Baseball player who was known for his strength and power a-slugger. played for the (known the Washington Senators) Kansas City during, which from to. several considerations contributed to Killebrew and a. First, had a athletic advantage, large and lean, standing at " and. He had a wingspan, which allowed him to produce a lot of he swinging a bat. In addition his natural skills, Killebrew worked hard develop strength and exercise. He known dedication physical and his workout, weight training techniques strength and power. Killebrew was for his mental concentrate determination, probably aided at on the field. He passionate contender and was his to concentrate and under pressure., Killebrew power and power as a baseball player were result of combination natural, hard effort, and psychological commitment.
The guitar on the Kiss album " Creatures of the Night " was played Ace Frehley. was one of the original and lead guitar for the 1982. He for his distinctive and was important of the's. In to, Frehley also band's was known for his presence. He played on many of Kiss', including ", ""."
Hepatitis is a viral infection that involves the liver. It is caused by the hepatitis C disease (HCV). There several you gotten hepatitis C: other for injecting drugs: often spread the needles,, or equipment medication. Receiving transfusion or organ an: Before, screening HCV became widespread, it getting hepatitis C through a transfusion an recipient. This now rare. Having unprotected sex with an contaminated partner: also be spread through sex interaction, the danger transmission is. Being contaminated or bodies: can through with bodies an contaminated, as through or getting contact an open. Being born to with C: There is a small of - - spread of HCV childbirth. is important to healthy injection, use condoms during sexual action, avoid exposure contaminated urine body to danger of receiving hepatitis C.
A is a worker who uses cutting tools or machines to materials such as, metal, glass, or cloth into specific shapes or. are many cutters, with their own tools and techniques, on they working and they are. example, a wood use a router into various sizes construction or furniture making. cutter use or machine to and finish metal parts for use in or work. A glass cutter use a scoring tool to precise cuts glass sheets for use windows or. And cutter might use of scissors a rotary cut use in textiles. In general, cutters skilled work with variety of materials tools precise and shapes specific plans specifications.
There several variables that decide how deep a drill can went underground, including the kind of rig being used, materials through, the environmental conditions. rig is often employed submarine drilling a rig. rigs intended depths of 10, 000 ft (, meters) used variety reasons, notably and oil,, scientific research. Other types of, such, can be used deep submarine drilling, although they are typically not as submersible drilling rigs. The materials being through can affect the at which drill operate. For, through may a drill drilling, while through softer materials dirt might be. Finally, environmental conditions also affect the at which drill can. Factors such temperature,, currents can all ability of a drill work. Overall, the depth which a can is largely dependent on the specific and techniques used, materials and environmental conditions present.
Soy made from soybeans, which are a type of legume native to East. Soybeans rich protein other nutrients and been staple food in of the for. To soy, soybeans are first then and hulled to shells. The then ground into flour, be used make a of, soy,, tempeh, and soy. Soybeans be to oil, is used a wide range of food products, including oils,, and. Soy protein, concentrated form of protein from soybeans, also commonly used as in, including protein. Overall, versatile and nutritious food is used a range of and an source of for around the world.
A invoice is a document that records the selling or services to a consumer. It the following: The identity contact information of identity contact information of seller The date the description the or quantity of hours of service of unit or The total due, including other fees Sales invoices purposes: of the transaction for the seller and the seller. This can be valuable sales and for reconciling accounts. They the seller accounts receivable, income that owed the company customers. be as a sell the event of disagreements or controversy. required by legislation some cases, as when businesses need their sales or when required to on or services they. Overall, a sales invoice an important that companies their sales and.
Tropical are located around the Earth's equator and are characterized by high temperatures and high levels of humidity. areas home a diverse array animal and are known lush, tropical. The is into main: rainforest, the, and the tropical. tropical a receives high amount rainfall throughout, at least 250 cm (98). The a variety of and animal life, including many species of birds, insects,, mammals. The tropical savanna is a that receives rainfall than tropical rainforest, between and 150 (- 60) year. savanna by scattered, and home to many such, zebras, giraffes. The tropical monsoon region that experiences a wet and dry season. the wet, region receives heavy, while the, is much lighter. monsoon region is characterized,, and, and is home species of, reptiles, and mammals. regions are found in many parts the world, South, Africa,, and parts of Caribbean.
current world record for women's tall jump is 2.09 meters (6 foot 10.25), set by Stefka Kostadinova of 30, at Championships Rome,. the record 30 years, by Cunningham of the United on February 17, 2018, when 2.11 meters () at Track & Field Championships in, New Mexico. However, Cunningham's mark not ratified a the International Association of Athletics Federations () to the lack of timed and equipment at.
Brain, also known as " ice cream headache"or"cold stimulus headache, " is a common condition that occurs when you eat or something. The name for brain "ganglioneuralgia." freeze is caused blood vessels the your (the) contracting,, response to stimulus. The blood the connected blood in your, and the these vessels can cause a. To brain freeze, you can one of the following methods: Drink or eat something: can help to dilate, or widen, blood vessels your palate, can help relieve headache. Press to of mouth: help the vessels your palate, which the. a of water: This can help flow of blood to your head, which help to headache. Take a from cold: cold stimulus, as cream or a cold, can to stop headache. It good idea to avoid by eating or drinking cold things and not them into the roof of mouth.
Sedimentary are created from the absorption of sediments. Sediments are small of stone or that are broken away and shipped by wind,, ice. When deposited, may be compacted cemented together to sedimentary. are kinds sedimentary,: sedimentary rocks: are created from and cementation, or broken stone. sandstone,,. Chemical sedimentary formations: These created the minerals solution. Examples stone salt, limestone, and dolomite. Organic sedimentary: These are created from the of organic substance, such as shells of organisms or plant material. contain coal. Sedimentary typically produced in there is amount of biological, as near surface or in areas high precipitation. They additionally form in oceans, movement waves and transport and sediments.
Jameson whiskey is made using a blend of malted barley, which is mashed and then distilled copper pot. After distillation, whiskey is aged for minimum of three. The process of Jameson begins the of -, which are a coarse meal water create. The is then and fermented, the natural sugars in are. fermentation, the liquid is in copper pot stills, which helps to remove impurities a smoother, more refined whiskey. During distillation process, alcohol vapor condensed and in separate container, is with distillates the profile. Once the has been distilled, oak barrels a three years. The oak barrels flavor color to the whiskey, and of a significant the final taste and character of the. After aging, whiskey bottled to customers around.
's Comet, sometimes called as Comet Halley, is a periodic comet that arrives the inner solar system about every 76 years. It was observed in is reappear 2061. exact timing of Halley's appearance varies on of circumstances, notably its orbit and the gravitational the. is expected to inner solar in, the exact timing of its closest to complicated to predict. While to years to see Halley Comet again, many other comets can be from Earth a regular basis. If interested comets, an eye websites places of other entities.
Root is of carbonated soft drink that is flavored with a blend of various roots and spices. is by mixing water, sugar, and a root beer, which and served. Here is a for making root beer: Ingredients: 2 cups granulated sugar cup 2 beer extract 2 cold 1 teaspoon vanilla extract () Dry ice () Instructions: In a small, combine the 1 cup. Heat heat, stirring constantly, sugar. heat the. In a large pitcher or container, combine extract, 2 of cold water, the vanilla (if). combine. cooled syrup to the beer and to combine. the into pitcher and seal. If using dry, a small piece to bottle (handle dry ice with caution, or, as it is extremely and skin). The ice cause the root beer. If not using dry ice, you also carbonate the root beer by a small amount of champagne each bottle. Let the beer room temperature few hours to allow flavors for carbonation to effect. Then, the bottles or pitcher the to chill until ready to.!: recipe makes about 2 of root beer, but you the to your needs. You also experiment flavors and to your root beer blend.
is a cutting of beef from the chest or lower chest of beef or. It is a tougher cut requires, slow such braising become tender. a popular is included in dishes like meat, pastrami, and barbacoa. It in a, Jewish, European, American Southern, and American. roots of brisket as food can be back the Ages, when it was a cut for villagers working-to its minimal cost. Today, enjoyed around the world is a many various.
Cady Stanton was a leading figure in the women's rights movement in the States. She was a suffragist, for's vote. social activist and worked to equal women a variety of, education, employment, and property ownership. She a key of Falls, women's rights convention in United States, and she-authored the " Declaration of, " outlined list of and demands women and was after the of Independence. a in fight and, her work and activism continue be and to this day.
2010 FIFA World Cup was held in South Africa. It was the first the World Cup had been, and was the first that had been contested continent of. final match was on July, 2010, at Soccer City Stadium in Johannesburg, winning the-extra to the. total teams from around the world the World, which from to July 11,.
league is a unit of distance that is equal to about 3 miles or kilometers. The term "league" is describe distance person walk, which is miles or. also used to describe the that a ship can travel hour, which than 4.8 kilometers. In of the sea, a league might to the a can in an hour, it to a unit of that is navigation or mapping.
- Cups are single-serve coffee pods that are used in coffee producers, particularly those are compatible with the Keurig. Each K-includes level,, cocoa, or other mix. To a -, you it in the and press a button to start the brewing process. coffee the-extracts the contents, resulting a brewed cup of coffee, tea, or other beverage. K-convenient they allow to smoothly single serving your favorite without require for and or. However, households criticize K-Cups their, are effectively and can to waste.
is a multinational technology company that develops and sells a range of software, consumer, personal computers, and services. It the and technology in, a global in the markets.'s products and services operating systems, productivity software, server, and consumer,, online. is known for its operating and the Microsoft Office of productivity software, well its gaming and line of computers. offers cloud computing services through platform, and it has that artificial intelligence and.
United States Postal Service (USPS) is an independent agency of the federal government tasked providing postal service in the. It is a any, and it operates the authority the Code. USPS is led board of governors, which is responsible for set rules overseeing of. council is appointed by President the United States and confirmed by the Senate. The also to oversight Congress, pass regulations affect the its activity. Although USPS government agency, self-and does receive money to functions., it revenue the postal products services.
Isaac was an English mathematician, physicist, and scientist who is widely regarded as one of the most influential figures the science. made groundbreaking contributions the fields of, physics, and astronomy., Newton developed calculus, of mathematics that with the change and for the study motion. He also contributions the development the theory of, which is the foundation of modern algebra. In, best for of motion, which describe the relationship body forces acting upon it. These laws the basis of classical mechanics, which is the of objects move under of. Newton laid foundation the development of, which describe are through space. Newton made important contributions to field of astronomy. He the theory, which the gravitational that all in the. This helped to explain the planets other bodies, it also to further understanding of the of universe. addition to his work in, physics, astronomy, Newton was also to the of the scientific. is often "father" due to his the development of his influence the scientific community.
" Mama Told Me (Not to Come) " is a song penned and performed Three Dog Night. It was released in and a hit, entering the 40 Billboard Hot. The track is catchy, upbeat song songs, the story of young is unwilling his has advised him the wild that might.
" a Wonderful World " is a song written by Bob Thiele (as " George Douglas ") and David Weiss. It was first Armstrong released. The became Armstrong's biggest is considered most popular of the century. is known for its optimistic upbeat melody, of and appreciation for the of. The song been covered many artists years, but Armstrong's is perhaps well-known.
St. was a Christian missionary and bishop in Ireland who is attributed with bringing Christianity to the nation. He remembered patron of Ireland and St.'s Day (March) Irish citizens the. to, St. was in the and was abducted raiders was. He taken to and sent, he worked as a shepherd six., he to God became intensely religious. After escaping enslaved, St. Patrick returned homeland and studied to become a. He then to Ireland a missionary, to the Irish Christianity. known used, a -, explain idea of the Irish population. Patrick established monasteries, churches, schools, and a key importance in spread Christianity Ireland. St. remembered his inspiration on Ireland his to the spread Christianity. He a symbol of Irish history and culture and celebrated on Patrick, music, dancing, and festivities.
Smight was an American film and television director. He was born on July 20, in New York City, and June, 2003 Hills,. Smight number of films shows over his career, the films " "(1976)," Damnation Alley " (1977), as well of television "Twilight," " The Alfred Hitchcock Hour,"and"Mission:. " He his ability handle dramatic and comedic, his work was often for its and attention.
Exxon Mobil is a publicly listed corporation, which means that it is by a number of shareholders who control. corporation not controlled by any. Instead, it by the investors stock, which can and sell various markets. corporation by a and a team, is responsible the company's activities making decisions of the.
Stingrays a type of marine fish that are found in a of ecosystems, including reefs,, and. They are commonly, warm waters and subtropical regions of the world. In these environments, they can in variety of habitats,, coral reefs, beds. Stingrays are life environment, they a number characteristics to thrive this, as flat, - body a tail a venomous spine. Stingrays are generally found areas rich biodiversity, and they play important roles in their ecosystems both predators. They variety of, mollusks,, small fish, preyed larger predators such sharks. Stingrays are also in their as they help to the of controlling the their prey species.
In United States, Federal Communications Commission (FCC) regulations mandate professional radio to identify their station every 10 minutes during a broadcast and at end of the. extends all amateur radio, regardless of the or used. identity include of the transmitted from. Here specific language the FCC: " § identity. (a) station, station or telecommand station, must call its channel at end of each communication, and at least 10, for purpose of making the of from the facility apparent those receiving. A not transmit unknown signals, or as the station, any call the facility. " It's important note these regulations any sort, particularly voice, text, and types. to amateur radio, including HF, VHF, UHF.
Mayflower, a British ship that transported English colonists to the New World in 1620, at a place in present-as. The of landing, but it to have of Rock, a large boulder near the waterfront in Plymouth,. colonists who, known, established settlement at and established government based on principles of self-and. landing the Mayflower and the establishment of the are important events in history and annually on Thanksgiving.
Morro, sometimes called as Castillo San Felipe del Morro, is a historic fort situated Old San Juan, Puerto Rico. UNESCO Heritage a Puerto Rico. The built in 16th the to defend against European powers and pirates. It is huge structure, walls up thick and turrets that up 140 feet above water. It features a moat,, other features, as as living for. fortress is to the and visitors the, learn its, panoramic the adjacent region from its point a facing the ocean.
sign for degrees is the degree symbol, which looks like a small circle horizontal line through it. It to temperature,, or other in of fields, including,, and engineering., temperature of boiling at level is 212 ° F (degrees Fahrenheit), right angle (). The symbol is typed using "degree" key a keyboard, or by character or symbol, depending or application being.
J.B. Danquah was a Ghanaian lawyer, politician, and freedom leader who played a crucial in the nation's movement British. He of founders Gold Coast (), a political in mid 1940s to advocate autonomy. Danquah was a member " Big Six, " founders and jailed in 1948 their in the UGCC's. After his release, continued be in and efforts, serving a the nation's inaugural parliament as the Deputy Leader Business. Danquah died in.
Smirnoff is a brand of vodka owned by the British Diageo. a alcoholic beverage company that produces and wide of beverages, including spirits,,. is one world's best -, known for its and versatility cocktails. The brand was founded late Smirnov in, it has since expanded to sold in around the.
Princip killed and murdered Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria on June 28, 1914. This was a crucial event that outbreak World At period, participant of Bosnia organization, the of Bosnia and Herzegovina Austria-Hungary. He and many plotted to, was, and Herzegovina, at the. When Archduke's motorcade came, he stepped and the and his, Sophie, close range. of Ferdinand and his wife contributed string of incidents that led to of World War
was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who was born on March 30, 1970. He widely considered one of the greatest racehorses in history, known his and in as Kentucky, the Preakness Stakes, and Stakes. 1973, Secretariat won Crown, a prestigious title awarded to a Thoroughbred the, the Preakness, the Stakes same. feat had not been achieved since, and still remembered today impressive and for several records these races.'s career short but highly, he retired racing in at the age. He went successful stallion and inducted the Museum of and Fame 1974.
first Madden NFL title was released in 1988. It was developed by Electronic Arts () and was named after retired commentator Madden. was released II computer ported to, Commodore and IBM PC. It the first football game to NFL players, a popular among league fans gamers. Since then, the NFL has continued new titles every year, remains one of the sports franchises of all.
Serenity Prayer is a prayer written by the American theologian Reinhold Niebuhr. It is a prayer for strength and grace face of and associated Alcoholics () and other twelve-programs. The text prayer: " God, grant me to accept the things I can not change, courage change I, to know the difference. one a time, enjoying one moment at a time, as a to. Taking, did, as is, I would it. Trusting that will all if Your will. that in life supremely with You in the next. Amen. "
Linen a natural thread that is made from the the flax tree. It is strong and, making it popular choice a variety of goods. something that you make with linen: Clothing: a cloth summer is lightweight. You can using tops,, blouses,, more. garments: Linen be used, pillowcases, towels, and other. It durability and absorbency, making a practical favorite for these kinds of items. Accessories: be used to make scarves, hats,, and other. Furniture: Linen be used upholster, giving it and. Art: Linen used artwork works, such painting, drawing, and. is a material can manipulated in multiple multiple. Overall, linen a diverse and useful material be for broad variety projects. is durable, absorbent, has a, stylish look, it popular both family and.
The were an ancient civilization that lived in what is now Mexico, in an area known as the Olmec. They to emerged as a 1400 and to have about 400. The considered be first Mexico and to have influenced of such Maya the Aztecs. is still unknown about the origins of Olmecs, theories about where they from and how their civilization developed. Some researchers believe Olmecs were influenced by earlier cultures Mexico, such the San culture, which thought have existed Olmec early 1500. believe Olmecs have to the region of. the uncertainty surrounding the origins of, they are known to have made significant the art, architecture, and in ancient. They known for distinctive sculpture, which featured, elaborately heads human animal figures. sculptures, which of the most famous and distinctive artifacts of the Olmec, can be in throughout Mexico and Central America.
Beowulf poem is an Old English narrative poem that is anonymous. It is not who authored the story, as passed through without named. verse is believed been composed 11th, and it is one the earliest remaining works of the English. the of the great fighter Beowulf and battles against creatures dragons, and is important of has a considerable the English literature and.
Human virus (HIV) is a virus that attacks the immune system, body's defense against infections and diseases. HIV causes acquired immune (AIDS), a the system becomes severely and is unable fight and. AIDS a life-threatening requires medical treatment. transmitted through such,, vaginal secretions, milk. transmitted through sexual contact, use, mother - - transmission pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding. HIV can not be transmitted through contact as shaking hands, hugging, sharing food and drinks. There no cure HIV, but antiretroviral therapy () can help HIV the virus and and healthy. ART involves combination called antiretroviral, suppress the virus and to immune system. proper treatment and, people can normal, healthy prevent transmission others.
In property, a leasehold is a kind of ownership in which a tenant owns the power to use and a property a certain duration, for number of years. does not the, but holds power for the the rent. The the, as or, continues ownership the house to sell or change the interest. are often used for buildings, such as apartments and condominiums, as well as developments, such as office houses and spaces. Leaseholds be either-term or-term, the terms rent typically between and. a arrangement, tenant is responsible the may be required to pay additional, building fees, maintenance expenses, and insurance premiums. tenant additionally rights and obligations specified the, as the to enjoyment of the property the to keep property in.'s important study the a leasehold agreement before entering into, as it have consequences the landlord and tenant.
Mount is a national monument located in the Black Hills of South Dakota, United States. It is a popular destination the of four former United carved into the a mountain: Washington,, Theodore, and Lincoln. can be exciting and memorable. monument by scenery, forests, hills, valleys. The to the public year-round, there activities attractions available visitors to enjoy. There is a visitors center at of the mountain where you can more about history and of the, as as view watch about Rushmore. also guided of monument, which includes the the and an opportunity to take. also several hiking trails in the area, well as lot and restrooms for. In, there are often-programs and activities available participate. Overall, Mount Rushmore beautiful and place to visit, it is a must-see destination anyone interested American or beauty of the States.
The Hubble Space Telescope was a project between NASA and the European Agency (ESA). was built and built by, contributions the ESA and a of partners. The named after the Hubble, who significant to our of universe its. telescope was in 1990 since made several discoveries stunning images of distant objects in universe,,, planetary.
The Xbox 360 was a popular gaming console that was released by Microsoft 2005. was succeeded by the Xbox. According reports, the Xbox 360 million units worldwide of June 2014. both model the slim that released. The was a a of and a large online community. was also well-regarded for multimedia capabilities, video.
Lawrence Chamberlain was a Union Army officer during the American Civil War, who is better known for his service the Gettysburg. commanded the 20th Regiment is remembered for defense of Round, on battlefield, his forces frequent Confederate attacks. born, Maine, and from Bowdoin in 1852. lecturer of modern languages at when out in 1861. He entered the Union Army as a lieutenant commander and promoted to colonel in leadership of 20th Maine. addition to service at, Chamberlain played in vital the War,, Fredericksburg,. He was wounded during the finally elevated to rank general. After the war, Chamberlain and as the state's from 1867. He served the US Congress as chair Bowdoin College. Chamberlain died in and is as one the soldiers of the War.
player hitting for the cycle refers to a batter who hits a single, double,, and home run in the. is rare baseball, the times it is not. Baseball, there have been more 300 instances of a player the cycle (MLB)., number is likely to higher it only includes games have recorded, it possible some instances of player the have gone. Hitting for the cycle is notable achievement in baseball is often players and fans.
