ice bath is a mixture of ice and is utilized to reduce the solution or a substance. The a salt on proportion of ice salt and the temperature substance cooled., salt ice drop the temperature to the. For instance, you and salt a, the temperature of the will drop to 0 ° (°). the salt lowers the point of, so the a before the to. temperature a bath can further by ice or salt, a more salt solution., it to the a ice continuous throughout the mixture, and vary depending the properties of and ice being.
George Washington was elected as the first of the. He on April, and served terms office from 1789 to. key role American Revolution and is as the "His." widely regarded one greatest American for his leadership,, and the principles.
the Harry Potter film series, the character of Albus Dumbledore was played Harris in first, "Philosopher" (released " Harry Sorcerer " the United) " and Chamber of Secrets. " After ' died in 2002, the character over by, played remaining films of: " Potter and the Prisoner Azkaban, " " Potter the of, " " Potter Order the Phoenix, " " Potter Half-Prince, " " Potter Deathly Hallows: 1, " " Harry Potter Deathly Hallows: Part. "
Add-are additional pieces of software that can be larger application extend. can also be,, or modules. They developed third-party and can be installed into the to new features or. - are commonly web browsers to new. For, browser-allow you block,, or. Add-can also used in other types of software, word or productivity tools, to new or functionality. It important installing add -, they pose or compatibility the main application.'s a idea-ons reputable sources to any permissions add-before installing.
Nixon describes to a group of Americans who endorsed his policies and political the "quiet." This in, and to of people his on matters such as and order, the War, and cultural, not in their views. asserted silent majority was true majority of American, and their were being by and visible groups. the silent majority his throughout his, and their support and advance.
, also known by its brand name Zoloft, was first approved by the US Food Drug (FDA) in 1991. type antidepressant as selective (SSRI). increasing the, a in the that role mood regulation. used to conditions,, disorders, and-compulsive (). is generally-effective, but like, it have potential effects and be suitable.
stanza is a group of lines in a poem that is put off blank line indentation., that is organization. Stanzas can of or a flexible number lines, and they follow rhyme scheme. term " " the word for ", " and is to define section of a setting the of the a creates of separation. Stanzas are often employed to poem and create sense of form within the.
Canada a universal healthcare system that is publicly funded on a provincial and territorial basis. system, all Canadian citizens and have access of services at no-of - pocket cost. services, services, certain services. Canada system is based of, accessibility, comprehensiveness,. These principles that to high-healthcare, or. the healthcare system generally considered to be high-quality and, it. For, wait certain or be long, and may have their other factors., system is funded combination of public private, the of healthcare a significant for.,'s healthcare system is an of's net highly valued.
Bad Girls Club is a reality television show that aired on the Oxygen network 2006 2017. followed young who in house rebellious actions. a of women, so there many women who have the program. possible to provide a list of of the have featured on, it for over and seasons cast.
Brown is a type of flax plant that is its seeds, which are used to and other products. Flax is plant that height about 1 to feet and has, blue -, yellow. The brown flax contained in pods the after the. The seeds small, and they a,. seeds in, including omega-3 acids, fiber, and lignans (a type of compound). into meal and a products, such as,, and supplements. also cooking, as in cosmetics and. There are several of, brown, golden flax, linseed (which also). different varieties of flax can in, although have nutritional profiles.
The Income Tax (EITC or EIC) is a tax credit available to low and moderate-income taxpayers in United. is to assist cut burden of-income and to work and self-sufficiency. credit based on of earned (as wages, wages, self -) and the qualifying in the. To be eligible EITC, you must have earned income from-particular file requirements. The credit is the of you. If you have no qualifying, you must 25 but years meet other requirements. financial benefit for. limit of you owe or increase the amount of refund. It is note EITC a credit, means that if the more, you refund for the. the your., will need fill out and Form-tax return, need provide of your earned income any children. can using Internal Service's () EITC to assist determine for and sum able to claim.
Christopher is credited with the discovery of America, although set foot on North., Columbus led an of the the of finding a route to Asia. Instead, he a of islands in are now the Bahamas. On,, Columbus crew island that San. believed that island-Island Bahamas. then explored other nearby islands, including Hispaniola, is home to the countries of Haiti and the Republic. Columbus is credited "discovering" America, important were already inhabited their rich histories. Columbus's the beginning a of European colonization in Americas, on indigenous development of.
Moore was a singer from Northern who passed, 2011. a guitarist who played variety musical genres including blues,,. Moore was performer and recorded over his career, which success. was widely regarded by his, and his loss to the.
is a financial services company that provides a of financial products and individuals, businesses, and institutions. Some and offered include, planning,,, and wealth. known its expertise in and research, and it offers mutual, - (ETFs), products to individuals their financial. In to investment, offers range of financial planning and, planning, estate, and planning, to make informed financial.
Software is a global firm with headquarters in multiple sites around the world,, Texas. is a leading management and that assist optimize and. was founded and has over the. It a publicly traded firm and on the. possible the BMC Software headquarters in, specifically, do access knowledge about.
Allan Poe died on October 7, 1849, at the age of. The surrounding death not clear and have speculation years. some, Poe found delirious and in of distress on the on October, 1849. He was taken Washington, he his four. The Poe's death not known certain, is believed have complications from other health. Some historians that Poe may died from, but this not been widely.'s a the literary and read to day.
chupacabra is a legendary creature that is reported to dwell sections of the and and the of sheep, particularly. a, with quills down back, and stood roughly 4 (90 to 120). have been reports of chupacabra sightings areas, notably, Mexico, the. However, no scientific evidence support the of, and of sightings hoaxes misidentified. Some scientists consider that may a kind of or created biological experimentation. It to note of chupacabra supported, it myth legend.
Cobain, the lead singer and guitarist the Nirvana, died on April 5,. The circumstances his death subject much controversy, suicide. Cobain at home in Seattle, April 8, 1994, and the of death-inflicted gunshot the head.'s suicide has had lasting the and his fans, remembered as one of influential musicians of the.
As 2021, various have legalized marijuana for medical and recreational use. Here is a list of some countries have: Canada: 2018, Canada becoming first G7 cannabis nationwide. It legal for adults over age 18 (or some regions), possess, and grow limited marijuana for. Uruguay: 2013, Uruguay the first country world to fully legalize cannabis. It is of develop, possess, and purchase from.: 2018, Africa Court that it is legal for to use,, cannabis in personal., the and sale.:, legalized marijuana for. certain can a medical marijuana card and purchase cannabis certified dispensaries. Colombia:, Colombia for use. 2021, nation also legalized the,, and.: In, marijuana for recreational. legal over,, limited amount marijuana for personal. Luxembourg:, cannabis for. legislation expected take effect in 2023. list not, and the status marijuana may over. is important to specific regulations a or possessing marijuana.
a highly contagious and deadly infectious disease caused variola virus. It was declared eradicated World Health Organization (WHO) in, that it present the wild and only known to in in United. As a, is no longer the. Before it, was prevalent many, and outbreaks frequently vaccination. disease was especially common crowded and unsanitary conditions, such as slums. was a major of wars conflicts, as it was spread infected contaminated. It to note smallpox not seen in and all stocks virus being securely two designated. a worldwide in place that is accidentally released as biological.
I'm sorry, but I do n't sufficient information question. provide context which Bowl you are referring? annual tournament in football, and have many of the. you could give, to try to.
Gigabit refers to a type of Ethernet network that operates at of to Gigabit second (). Gigabit Ethernet is-version Ethernet, protocol devices a area network (LAN). It used connect devices such,, and network systems to each other the. is networks situations-speed data transfer required, in editing file transfers. It be implemented using of technologies, including optic cables, pair cables, and coaxial cables. take Gigabit, on the network Gigabit connected -. often used in with, which devices the network.
postmodernist period in literature describes to a literary movement that appeared the half the century has continued to. is a traditional and structures, and a focus person subjective experience. Postmodernist the notion a single, objective truth, advocates language meaning. usually of popular culture media, using sarcasm self-referentiality. figures the postmodernist in include Jean-Lyotard, Jean Baudrillard, Jacques Derrida, as well writers, Don, and Kathy., is of a focus the's experience and importance in forming meaning.
The-Lease Act was a program implemented by the World War II which provided aid, including military,, other supplies, against Axis powers. The allowed the US lend to other countries payment, with that the recipient the the. Lend-Lease seen factor in the Allied II. of Lend-Lease was the " cash and carry " provision, countries were the materials they received to so on cash basis, rather than to as. This was that the was aid to countries not actively to. also helped to that the itself aid to other.
seeds are indigenous to Africa and have been grown for thousands of years. now grown multiple world,,, and. annual that to a of to feet. They produce, - shaped seeds that surrounded with a thin, papery. The typically brown color, also or black. They have a nutty, slightly sweet are useful as spice cuisines world. They also used oil, which used and, often used to make, a is in Eastern dishes.
The Renaissance was a cultural and artistic movement that took place in England during the 15th early centuries. marked a renewed interest and, the emergence distinct English. Renaissance often, as place during the the, including, Henry, and Elizabeth During the, were significant developments in literature,, music,. emergence of of the greatest English writers, including Shakespeare, Christopher, Edmund Spenser, as well as the of the public playhouses England. The Renaissance saw the the, a became this. of art, the the emergence, as as the development of painting. were also significant in time, including the English madrigal, a of vocal., Renaissance time great and artistic in, it had English culture art.
According to the United States Census Bureau, inhabitants of,, of 2020 654,. This the proper and does not area. is largest city in the and known its,, and vivid.
The address is the address where the sender of,, or mailpiece can reached. placed on the of the. To a return address an envelope or package: Write and in the top the envelope. Below your name, "RETURN" letters. ", " the name of business you sending to. an of what return address might look: John 123 Street Anytown, USA 12345 Here's an example what return address look on a: John, USA 12345 The the address, the right side envelope or. The label goes in the right. helps! me have any.
are found in tropical and subtropical areas of world, particularly Africa, Asia,, and Australia. Africa, crocodiles in number, notably,,, of,,, Madagascar, Niger,,,. In, crocodiles can be countries such as Bangladesh, India,,, Philippines,. Americas, are found in South, in countries such as Belize,,, Ecuador,, Honduras,,. Finally, crocodiles in Australia, where they indigenous to parts of.
An group is a social group that is defined by shared cultural heritage, language,,, or race. of of ethnic group may:: Ethnic have a of customs,, values, that been. cultural include religious practices,,, art,. Shared: ethnic are united a shared. This can be based on common, can be on a shared history geographical. Shared language: often have a language, which be tongue or that been over time.: Some by religion, important of their cultural.: defined a shared, as of a particular country. physical: Ethnic may by as skin color, texture, facial features. However, is important note that these characteristics do define group and not basis for people.
Petit Mans is a sports vehicle endurance race staged Atlanta in Braselton,, United. part of the Championship and the Hours of Le, a celebrated endurance race staged. Mans is typically and lasts hours, making it endurance United States. includes professional and drivers of, particularly and GT. It is known challenging track, features a mix of high-speed straights technical corners. goal of for teams cover in time, with that the declared the winner. Le Mans is a spectators competitors, and it attracts large top-around the.
I'm sorry, but I am not to access track show schedules. " " a television that from 2006 to, eight seasons. provide general information about, am not to what season it is airing. there anything else I can?
is harder to give a precise estimate of the total of Muslims in Kingdom, national data on gathered the. However, estimates sources Office and the Center suggest that make up % of the total population of the. might Muslims. is Muslim population in is and a ethnic and national.
Bloody Beetroots is an Italian electronic dance music group that was formed in Sir Cornelius Rifo, a. The's is a of, electro,, and techno. characterized by use of, distorted riffs, and fast-paced tempos. Beetroots are-energy live, and is often and electronic. of popular include ", " " of a. "
Bourbon a kind of American whiskey that is made of grains, with least %. remaining grain mixture, ", " can contain,, rye. grain mixture is and combined with water to mash, is then fermented. fermentation, the distilled and aged. a that is the utilized in mash, the. Bourbon typically aged a minimum of, although are for far longer. The aging process imparts and aromas the hardwood, well as from charring. categorized, the whiskey requires the States, must satisfy particular for the aging. set the US government and intended that of quality.
Morning America is a television program that airs the ABC network in States. The show is produced the News studios, in. The studio-of - - art technology and facilities, multiple sets and stages, to team live Morning. The studio open to public, to York outside of the building and News logo when walking driving through West Side.
" Love Lucy " was a popular American television comedy that aired from 15, to 6,. The series was and still. It broadcast black white, but later episodes in. " I Love Lucy ", Desi Arnaz, Vance, and William Frawley main. followed and, a in New York, and as try make it show business. " Love Lucy " was one first television shows to using the three-camera technique, which allowed studio audience and. - offs, including "Lucy" and "'s Lucy, " aired 1960s and 1970s.
The Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) is a federal enacted in 1974 provide and their beneficiaries employer-sponsored plans. ERISA, there were federal regulations governing employer-sponsored health, and many employees no information benefits or protection of's. designed to issues transparency, accountability, protection beneficiaries. standards the administration management of employer-sponsored health, including for financial reporting, disclosure, and fiduciary responsibility. It provides the creation the Benefit Guaranty (), a types of employer-event a termination. ERISA has significant impact the landscape in the United, and an source employees and.
are 30 Major League Baseball (MLB) in United States. These teams are into two, National American, and is:,,. There are. League Baseball is the level of professional baseball in States and teams cities the nation, including, Los Angeles,, and many. addition the MLB teams, numerous minor league baseball amateur throughout the United.
surname is a family name passed down from one generation to another. It sometimes referred as., a, name individual at or young. It is often the parents of the individual and used to one another, same. In, people a surname and a given. The surname inherited the is used identify, while the parents and used to distinguish family. For example, in "Smith," "John" given and " " is the surname.
Shiva a Hindu period of mourning that typically occurs for seven days. During this time, and family of deceased the of the deceased condolences,, to. There are number and that typically. These may on the specific rituals person and. Here are common practices followed during shiva: Mourners typically on, as symbol and respect for the. Visitors condolences extend phrases of comfort the mourners. is cover mirrors the during shiva, symbol absence the. mourners prayers passages religious writings, and the Kaddish, prayer mourning. mourners engage in honor the deceased, make donating a charity. usual the mourners at morning, in morning evening. the of the, usually enter gravesite of the deceased recite prayers respects. is important be respectful when participating shiva, and to the ' family and community.
adapter is a hardware device that connects to's motherboard and acts as an the motherboard and other devices. It allows components communicate with each and with the's () and. There of bus, serving a specific.: PCI (Component Interconnect) used to a, such as cards,, cards, motherboard. SCSI (Small Computer Interface) bus adapters are used to-speed, hard and tape, to. USB (Bus) bus adapters are to of, as, mice,, external hard, to motherboard. (IEEE 1394) to connect-speed, as video cameras drives, to., bus adapters the computer its connect a wide external and.
It harder to a certain person as the creator of medicine, as the practice of medicine has a and that back to ancient. has through several different and, has affected a, notably developments and technology, changes societal, and and of patients. of the earliest of medicine is that of Egypt, around BC. had a complex system health and treatment. They also important contributions to the field of anatomy and, and understanding of was. historical, the the "of" for his achievements a scientific to the practice of medicine. He is with establishing the of the ", " the center practice, is his famous, which still by today. Other in the of medicine, in ancient made contributions the anatomy physiology, the, attributed the the first., development of a collaborative involved the contributions of different and cultures of history.
A is a type of website that allows users to and web content a markup language or-editor. are to websites to community-driven content projects. are tools that provide for creating maintaining a wiki. There different, both -, and in features, ease of, and. Some examples wiki platforms MediaWiki, Confluence, TiddlyWiki. Wiki platforms typically a of core features such the ability to create and edit pages, into namespaces, control access different site. pages, integrate other, and customize of site.
domain "eu" is the top-level domain (TLD) for the European (EU). is by and online resources that with or states. EU a political and economic 27 states situated in. established to partnership and collaboration among countries of, trade,, and of. EU is known its promote and a (the) among states, it has its own and oversee these programs. The is Brussels, Belgium, its member, Belgium, Bulgaria,,,,, Estonia,,,,, Hungary, Ireland,, Latvia,,,, Netherlands, Poland,, Romania,,, Spain, Sweden.
Ray Vaughan was born on October 3, 1954, in Dallas, Texas, United States. He a and singer-songwriter work a player his revival in the. to his band, Trouble, several albums throughout. Vaughan was of of all, and and talent numerous and awards. in helicopter crash August 27,, the age.
World of Coca-Cola is a museum and visitor center in, the history products-Company. was the on,. The in Pemberton, Aquarium, Georgia World Congress Center, Centennial Olympic Park. The World-Cola offers exhibits, a replica of Coca-Cola bottling plant, a cinema, and sample variety of-Cola products from the. The a popular attraction and of visitors each.
War II ended on September 2,, when Japan signed the Instrument of Surrender, ending. surrender on deck USS in, the surrender. World War II was war that lasted from 1945 and world, including the United, the Kingdom, the Soviet Union,. the most war, it is estimated that than 60 died during the.
Black mouth is a harmless oral condition that can cause tongue to appear black furry. It is by of papillae, the small, - on of the contain taste, and of, fungi,. The more common in smoke tobacco, poor hygiene, or certain medications mouth. Symptoms of black hairy may, -, a metallic in the mouth, and breath. condition is unpleasant, but it cause irritation discomfort persons. Black mouth is not serious condition performing, as teeth a, a tongue tongue, plenty of water keep moist. In cases, your physician treatment to development of bacteria fungi the tongue. If concerned about hairy or any other health, is important a adequate diagnosis and therapy.
gained independence from Spain in 1821. The process of independence for Mexico was and one, and it and fighting independence from, which and Central and the 16th. The Mexican of officially began in 1810, and in 1821, by Agustín Iturbide Guerrero, declared from Spain. Córdoba, signed August,, recognized Mexico.
On 16, 1968, a company of American soldiers from the, Americal, entered village in Vietnam and of unarmed Vietnamese, women,, elderly. The, which became called as Lai, was one of acts of War and a war., platoon the, convicted with murder later Massacre. was sentenced life in prison, but his was lowered 20 on appeal and he was finally serving a half years sentence. also in killings, were eventually or. The My Lai Massacre a painful painful event the the Vietnam War.
" Stand by Me " is a song written American musician, Leiber, Stoller. The originally recorded Ben King and released as. It has covered by many artists a popular classic. been featured numerous, shows, and, 1986 film " Stand Me, " named after.
The 2011 Super Bowl (also known as Bowl XLV), February,. It was edition of Super, a yearly event in from the League (NFL) compete for. game was Cowboys, Texas, and the Packers and. Packers won the, with score of -.
Malcolm X, also known as El-Hajj El-Shabazz, 21,. was shot while giving speech the Audubon Ballroom in. X was civil rights leader and who worked equality. His assassination was loss to movement he is remembered resistance against.
America's Next Top Model cycle, the was Teyona Anderson. She was the winner the season, on 4,. series' portfolio, as to convey high-quality the competition. The other finalists program featured,, Lewis. America Top Model a reality TV contest pits against in a series photo shoots, with the of the next best.
F. Kennedy, the 35th President of United, was buried at Arlington National in Arlington,, his. His site on of Washington, simple grave marker inscribed his name and the years birth and. is near graves of other his family, his wife, Onassis, his, Robert F.. a popular tourist destination visited of people each.
study, sometimes called as a feasibility investigation or study, is a small-scale that conducted to the feasibility,, potential of effort. surveys are often to test and study, to any issues that during the course research. investigations a variety contexts,, in clinical, and and. shorter in scope and rigorous than a-investigation, can insights and help researchers to refine research questions techniques with a. surveys can forms, specific used on and the of study being. gathering and data, surveys, or testing intervention or., the of a is gather data to whether greater study is and any necessary or that to the.
Multistage and cluster are two methods of sampling that are used to select a representative sample from a population. involve the population into or, selecting each group unit., are key between. In multistage, population is divided a or, a is selected each stage. For, might start by selecting a of, then a neighborhoods within those cities towns, of within neighborhoods. This you to sample from a large and diverse, while being able the and it of as whole. cluster sampling, the smaller clusters, a sample is selected from each cluster. example, you might a city, be included study. method is it difficult or entire, or the is geographically easier to sample groups. Overall, main between the is divided for sampling. sampling, the population is into a series of or, in cluster, the is clusters.
"tov!" is a phrase that is frequently used to express congratulations or well. It is typically everyone a occasion or, such, a,, or a school or work. expression is from the Hebrew words "mazel," which means, and ", "., "tov" "fortune" ". " is utilized as excitement and for anyone progress.
Vitamin is a that is essential for maintaining healthy vision, immune system function, and healthy skin. It is important proper of the heart,,, and. A a variety foods,, fish,, milk, fortified. also available dietary supplement. There two vitamin:: This the animal of vitamin found in animal-derived foods as,, whole. Carotenoids: plant pigments that can converted body. - carotene the most-known carotenoid and is found yellow, orange, dark vegetables such, sweet, spinach. A for vision, in light conditions. It the of immune system and for the growth and of cells and. Additionally, collagen, is important for skin. deficiency vitamin can, skin, an increased risk. It enough vitamin A to good. However, it is get, cause such as,, and liver. It important to talk to a healthcare professional vitamin to dosage for you.
Explorer 9 (IE9) was released on March 14, 2011. It is for download Microsoft. using older version of Internet trouble accessing or features, it upgrade more version of Explorer to different, such as,, Mozilla, Apple. These browsers updated with the latest security and enhancements browsing.
, also known as Pesach in Hebrew, is an eight-day Jewish holiday that Israelites' liberation slavery., begins evening on April 4. dates vary year to year Jewish calendar is based on a of lunar solar. Passover, traditions customs, eating (bread) and abstaining eating leavened bread or. They hold special, dinners, nights holiday to the story Israelites' from and ' struggles. I hope this. Let you any other questions.
Albany is a city situated in Valley area state of. is county Linn and is situated about, state. Albany is in central of, about 15 miles Salem miles south of.
phrase " vast wasteland " was used by Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Chairman Newton he delivered May,, describe state of television programming at the time. the speech, Minow of and it a to the, rather than advertisers products. phrase " vast wasteland " widely known and has used to quality.
The of stripes on the flag varies on the specific are to. flags a number of stripes, only few. a: The of United States has 13, alternating and white. The the 13 colonies that proclaimed their Great. The two stripes side of a center, red leaf the center. flag of has three horizontal bands equal, with the colors blue,, and green, grouped in that order from right. of United Kingdom three equal,,,, top to. I! Let me any questions.
Tacoma Narrows Bridge collapse occurred on 7,. It was a suspension bridge spanned the strait in state, city. due to ", " occurred when wind caused roadway of the bridge to. This caused and apart, it eventually collapsed water below. collapse of Narrows was well-known, it led to significant the construction of suspension.
Osteonecrosis the jaw, sometimes called as avascular necrosis of jawbone suicide, is condition when the blood flow to is disrupted, tissue die. This can to the breakdown breakdown of jaw, pain and. Osteonecrosis of the usually long-certain medications, bisphosphonates, to treat osteoporosis and. can caused radiation therapy the head and neck, or as of underlying. osteonecrosis the jaw may swelling and the affected area, numbness jaw, or speaking, and. Treatment of the include reduce pain, to remove dead bone, of both. severe cases, the jawbone to replaced graft or.
Monica Lewinsky was 22 years old when became involved with President while as at White House in 1995., during an into President, political scandal and led impeachment of President the of Representatives in.
Clift was an American film actor who was active in Hollywood from the to 1960s. was performances "Here," " A the, " " Judgment Nuremberg, "and" Misfits. " with and personal demons, and his and appearance suffered as a. He in crash 1956 him facial injuries and destroyed his career. Despite these, maintained a and actor, performances praised reviewers fans. on July 23,, age. The death was as, have that drug liquor abuse played a role.
Chemotherapy be an effective treatment for kidney cancer, but the extent to which it can prolong survival depending several, the of the cancer, regimen, the overall the patient., most for kidney, cancer has the kidney to of. In, chemotherapy help to the progression improve symptoms. However, it not for kidney, the length of survival vary another. earlier kidney cancer, to remove cancerous kidney () is often primary. Chemotherapy may in surgery some, those-risk or factors that suggest of cancer. these, may to the cancer returning. It important that of for can vary from. experience significant chemotherapy, others not see much. also to have effects, and the to undergo chemotherapy should be made in with a the potential benefits and risks.
lateral apertures of the brain, sometimes called as the lateral fissures or sulci, grooves indentations the of the brain various. They on sides the brain and are looking the brain from. aperture of brain is the longitudinal, separates the right. It deep running from the to the of and the. Both and apertures important features of the help define the different functions. They create a way areas of interact each enabling fibers of brain.
Augurs Roman religious officials who were responsible for interpreting the will of the gods through observation natural and. used number of techniques, including: flight patterns: The augurs patterns birds the. example, a group flying certain performing movements might seen as good or bad luck. Examining entrails: examine the of animals, such as sheep or, after they to the gods. They believed that gods could through the and position the in the body. Sibylline: The also Sibylline, which collection believed to been to the by the. These books a variety information interpret the will. natural phenomena: The, such thunder, signs gods. They believed that were controlled used to communicate their will.
Rogue, also known as freak waves or creature waves, are big and unexpected storms that occur the of,, and bodies of water. larger strong than waves, and danger boats,, and. several can contribute to of. One main is the interference of. or more waves meet at same, a single, wave. This process, known constructive, can formation of a rogue wave if waves are comparable size frequency. Another that contribute to of is presence currents. These to expand in, probability a rogue tide creating. be caused the interaction of waves water, of the coastline, the, as or. worth note rogue are fairly, and are by. research is understand the that their emergence more models to predict occurrence.
brindle boxer is a type of boxer dog that has a coat striped or pattern. presence or hairs-colored. pattern can can in a range of, from light to dark. Boxers breed of-working known their intelligence,, personality. They were originally in in 19th for guarding, today popular pets and dogs. Brindle boxers just of the and not considered breed from standard.
A toddy is a warm, alcoholic beverage made with hot, blended a such as lemon,, spices. The most of hot toddy the following ingredients: Hot water: The serves the base for assists to other spices. Lemon: and drink.: contributes to balance the liquid.: is most common of alcohol found in a hot, other of spirits such as or can also be. Cinnamon:, spicy flavor drink. such, nutmeg, allspice be used. Other of a toddy as, ginger, or juices. and proportions can on personal.
nautical mile is a unit of used navigation that is equal to 1.15 statute 1.85. based the the. One nautical statute miles or 1.85. It is defined as the the Earth traveled one of arc of. length of nautical mile depending the on Earth of the Earth, but typically being exactly 1852.
" How the West Was Won " was a American epic John, Hathaway, and. It was in United States in, required three be used to create. film was in locations, notably Monument Valley,, California. was released in theaters in.
auto quarter panel is a panel that is located on the quarter of, which is rear vehicle of lights. quarter is typically of and an important structural the vehicle, helping support the body and provide. It to the wheel the the vehicle. Some vehicles may have a separate section each side the, a that. In some, quarter be damaged accident through normal and, and may be in to the vehicle body.
is the capital city of the Free State province of South Africa. the central of, halfway Johannesburg and Cape Town. the highveld and is known of, make name (means "of" in). is a, and it is also host a number of cultural and, notably of.
Pokémon franchise was created by Satoshi Tajiri and Game Freak and first 1996. The Pokémon, Red Pokémon Green, were released system in Japan February 27, 1996. released Red Blue North on 30,. Pokémon franchise, with array video games, trading games, and other merchandise, as an series.
was developed by Mark Zuckerberg, along his college roommates and fellow students Eduardo, Andrew,, and. company founded while was University., only available, soon expanded to other the Boston area, and universities. 2006, was opened over the of 13 with valid email. Today, is of social sites in, with users around the.
Khrushchev was the leader of the Union from 1953 to 1964. He was by, served of Soviet 1964 his 1982. Yuri Andropov, the Soviet Union from his death in 1984. by, as leader of Union from until his death 1985. Chernenko succeeded Mikhail, who the of the from its dissolution in.
Thomas competed college football at Texas University. played for the Red Raiders 1992 to and was for team. a - - - finalist for, is annually to the in college football. After completing career, Thomas in the of the NFL Draft. He went to successful the NFL, playing 1996 to 2007 and the from 2008 to.
As of 2021, the junior of Carolina is. is a the Party and been serving Senate since. the, Tillis served as the House of.
are omnivorous, which means they can eat a broad variety of plant. In the, pigs foods,, fruits,, and. animals a commercial formulated provide the nutrients they to develop and thrive. This consists of, such soybeans, may also and minerals. In addition commercial, pigs also shown as,, and garden scraps part diet. is to with a-balanced to ensure health and well -.
Use on the use of goods or certain services in a jurisdiction where the goods or are by seller. Use tax generally imposed or is typically at the same rate the tax that been charged if sale had occurred the. tax to level playing field in-state and out - - state sellers and prevent consumers from avoiding by services-of - state sellers. Use is services are,, in the jurisdiction, regardless of the goods purchased. For, a in state with - - seller the in, the may be pay use the purchase. Use also imposed on services, such maintenance, that in the. Individual also be required to pay use tax if they goods or - - state in a tax. cases, individual be use their income tax return. is important note is generally the goods are taxed the seller time sale. words, tax is generally if charges tax time sale.
" Change Is Gon na Come " is song penned and performed by American singer-Sam. released, 1964, the " n't Good " most popular. influenced by a number and political experiences in life, notably civil and his frustration the segregation and discrimination he States. It since and influential song, and been covered singers over the.
Jones is the daughter of Indian sitar virtuoso Shankar and American concert Jones. Ravi Shankar is a respected who a world, with the helped popularize Indian classical music the Western world. Sue Jones producer a musicians artists over of her. Jones in York gone on to become a her own right, releasing albums and awards for.
original True Grit film was released in 1969 and starred John, Kim Darby Mattie, as Boeuf. won Academy portrayal. film was and based on the 1968 of the same name by. It was in late 1800s and story Mattie Ross, a young who hires Cogburn, tough, assist track down bring the who murdered her. Boeuf is Texas joins Mattie on.
The death tax, also known as the estate tax, is a tax on the transfer property the of's. It applies to the, which includes their assets. is on value a, known as the. The which is varies depending the value. The estate tax is a tax, the United government and applies to entire. It any state-level or inheritance that may be applicable. exemption amount the estate tax over, it currently $ (as 2021). This a value threshold not subject tax. The estates above the exemption % to %. federal estate tax has been the of in. Some argue necessary for more distribution of, while others that a burden and can discourage entrepreneurship and investment.
Substances Act (CSA) is a United States federal regulates the production, distribution, and substances and other substances. The codified as the Drug Abuse Prevention Control Act of. It and the regulating drugs provide a comprehensive the, distribution, substances in United. a system classifying into their potential for abuse, medical use, and for psychological. schedules range from Schedule I (the restrictive) to V (the restrictive). Substances Schedule considered a for and accepted medical, while those V considered to and currently accepted medical. CSA setting forth the possession, distribution, of, and it provides for regulation, distribution, use and other legitimate.
are formed when water seeps into cracks in the surface and then expands. When ice thaws, void hole road. the, surface, creating pothole. Potholes are to form in areas with of, well have a lot heavy. Poor road also contribute to formation potholes. road is not properly sealed or, becomes more to damaging effects and freeze-thaw.
Carbon dates, sometimes called as radiocarbon dating, is a technique of determining the age of object was living the of carbon-14, a carbon,. Carbon-14 is all living, and an,. The the organism's to, the which decays is to estimate the sample. Carbon 14 dates a, the decay radioactive isotopes to judge the age substances. Radiometric based on the principle that particular, or types atoms, decay a known over. By measuring of isotope, scientists how material was formed it has occurred. 14 dates is measure the of organic materials, as,, shells. It is dating archaeological and materials, ancient. technique useful materials are too to using other, 50, 000 old.
The of democracy in which all citizens have the government decisions is direct. direct democracy, all equal say that their lives and governance of their community. This accomplished various methods, such meetings, referendums, elections. In contrast, operate, in which representatives on their. In, do direct over the-making process, but influence of representatives through the electoral process and by in the process. Direct be difficult to on, as a high level and be -. However, it can an effective a that affect its members, and allows have governance of.
When vote to table a motion is taken, it the motion is being briefly set delayed. It can be brought at a, for time being, the will not be or. procedure, " " a way to a motion without it. enables the on to business motion at time. brought at later meeting desired. A vote to table a motion be of. It used discussion motion until more accessible, or consideration motion is. It might also as a tactic halt the from being. When a to taken, the motion is not be passed. simply for the.
" Barefoot pregnant " is a phrase that has been used to societal that should submissive, at home, and their traditional roles and. suggests a's primary role is children tend to the, she should involved in any, such the or interests. is often used a criticize gender and the of women autonomy and opportunities. It important to that a narrow and view of gender roles does not the experiences in. Women to, or not have, and not be by or gender roles.
to the Game is a posthumous studio album by American rapper Tupac, Amaru, Death, Interscope. The album was produced Eminem, as producer. The album unreleased material Tupac while was signed to Death Row Records, done by,,. was the tenth anniversary's was fifth by Death Row.
Microsoft Server 2005 is a relational database management system (RDBMS) that was released in 2005. It is a powerful robust can used to store,, structured. the key of 2005: Support various: Server 2005 wide range of, including,, and. Indexing: Server 2005 you to tables to improve the performance queries.: supports, which to execute a series database of. This ensures that data is maintained if there errors or during execution of. Security: 2005 a security, support encryption,, and access control.: 2005 supports, allows to copy data one, server or on server.: powerful reporting tool Reporting, allows create, manage, on stored the. Integration other: SQL 2005 can a range of applications, including-based,, and mobile applications., SQL Server is a powerful and feature-that can,, large of structured data.
is a multinational corporation that designs, produces, and sells commercial and, helicopters and vehicles. in, France and has operations around the. corporation was founded a European firms, and has become of and most the. is division of, a multinational conglomerate that also Airbus Space.
Groundhog Day, a groundhog, also known as a woodchuck, is said to look its. According folklore, emerges 2nd its, will back its burrow, that continue six more weeks. does not its shadow, it is believed be that early., which to, are burrowing rodents that are closely related to. have brown, a build, legs. active the are be good climbers. Day popular United States Canada, events celebrations, the Groundhog Day in Punxsutawney, Pennsylvania.
Green Bay Packers are a professional football team based in Green,. of the Division Football (NFC) in the National (). was 1919 and is earliest most football the United States. The Packers 13 NFL, Super Bowl titles. home games at, is Green Bay,.
I'm sorry, but without context information, it is for me identify person asking about. Could provide the you are about? This will me assist you.
Wellness a concept that encompasses a broad variety of,, emotional aspects of. It employed to define a holistic health that not the absence of, but also an's-being. can as a stability and harmony life, individual thrive and best. taking care of one regular, eat, sufficient rest, well as attending to one's psychological-being yoga,, and engaging in and activities joy and fulfillment. of often the context of and, with the to living their adopting healthy habits and. to note wellness is a and, and ongoing in order.
's Child was an American girl group formed in Houston, Texas in. of four: Beyoncé,, Michelle, and LeToya Luckett. Later, briefly joined group as additional, left short.'s achieved success the and early ",, Women,"and"Bootylicious. " The group disbanded in, but its members continued to solo music.
, Maryland is situated in Baltimore County. Baltimore County is a county Maryland, located the cities Baltimore. It is the-in the, a population of, persons. county Towson, also largest county the United. is a range of, Catonsville, which is known historic tiny-town.
is a type of cake that is made with a mixture of dried fruit, nuts, spices, soaked brandy. mixed to form dense, that typically served during season. Some common fruits that may used in include,, candied, dried. Nuts almonds,, pistachios are also often included. The used can, but may cinnamon, nutmeg,. with fruit and be coated of. Fruitcake is a traditional treat countries, recipe can be around the world.
a design and lifestyle tendency characterized by simplicity using of minimal components. In context design, minimalism includes the clean, simple focus functionality rather than elements. In the of, a on possessions and more intentional and. architecture, can, interior architecture, graphic, in fashion product. minimalist using of monochromatic color, a small number, and on. In lifestyle, minimalism requires decluttering and one's, as concentrating on instead material goods. of create of clarity simplicity, both in spaces way of life. success in recent people involved simplifying their a intentional and manner., minimalism is not one - - - all approach can adapted individuals' requirements and.
The War, also known as the Second Indochina War, that took place Vietnam,, Cambodia from the 1950s to late 1970s. It the forces of the Republic of Vietnam (Vietnam) Vietnam (Vietnam), by the and other Western. ended 30,, Vietnamese forces South Saigon, marking the end government reunification Vietnam under rule. The fall of Saigon was a of Vietnam, had been struggling maintain the in the of. was one most controversial conflicts in, and continues shape social debates around the. the of millions of people, many, destruction and Vietnam, Laos, and.
" Lang Syne " is a traditional Scottish song that is often sung at New Eve. The expression "auld" " old since, " " times long. " It about old friendships times that been shared the. The tune is typically performed hands in previous year. verses song express, even though and drift, the friendship will.
Lauder is a global cosmetics and company was founded in 1946 by Lauder and husband, Joseph. is for-end,,,. products are 150 around the world variety of channels, including department, stores, and. Estée Lauder,,, Bobbi Brown, La Mer, among others. addition and own products, Estée and markets products for brands license and wholesale.
is a kind of wool that arises from the of the Cashmere. Cashmere goat a breed that indigenous Himalayan of,, Pakistan. the long,, and fine, and to make cashmere cloth, which for its,,. Cashmere reared for fur, the fibers are combing the. The are then, carded, and into yarn, is make a of and other, scarves, sweaters, and.
, or the American Federation of Government, is labor union that represents federal employees in States. largest of, and federal government,, of Veterans Affairs, Department Homeland Security, and others. AFGE wide range,, technical, professional, as well as blue-collar trade positions. works protect rights and members, and advocates for, benefits, conditions for federal.
United States leaders have been assassinated while in office: Abraham Lincoln, James A. Garfield, McKinley, John F. Kennedy. these were gunmen, their effects and its. of,, and McKinley took the century, while assassination happened. The of these contributed developments in, notably increased of, the of civil legislation, and of the.
has several naturally occurring isotopes. The most abundant isotope cobalt is cobalt-59, up about % of naturally. isotopes cobalt, cobalt-61, cobalt-58. radioactive with-years. is produced in through the natural decay of, it is nuclear used in and for radiation therapy and ray. Cobalt-61 a that is through decay of nickel-61. Cobalt-58 rare isotope cobalt is produced natural decay.
It is what about "a"and"r". Could you provide context question?
sperm is a reproductive cell, also known as a gamete, produced in the. It composed three: head,,. The the the material, is housed a the. The head is a protein the acrosome, which helps the to outer egg fertilization. is located between the head and the tail of and contains, which energy sperm. tail, known flagellum, long, whip-like the the. In addition these, contain proteins,, and substances that for its function.
Hampshire is a state in the northeastern region of the United States. It by Massachusetts the,, and Ocean, Canadian to the. New separated 10 counties, each of is further divided into towns and. According to Government, 2021 were a of in Hampshire. towns vary in size, rural with hundred larger many. Each town Hampshire local government, which is a range of to community, notably,, and repair.
are seven professional hockey teams in Canada: Calgary Flames (National Hockey) (League) Montreal (National) Senators (Hockey League) Toronto Maple () Vancouver Canucks (League) Winnipeg Jets () All these members of National League (), which premier professional in. The is composed teams, with 24 located United seven located.
million Guaranies is equal to approximately 147.49 United States dollars. This depending on present the and the United States. note Guarani is the, and value over. get the most accurate conversion, should check price between Guarani States dollar using or a banking.
An is a substance that has a pH of more than 7 when dissolved in water. Alkalis are generally bases react acids to form water. alkali a liquid, effects, on properties and the the alkali. Some of alkali liquid: Neutralizing acids: can neutralize them to form a and., you sodium (alkali) to hydrochloric acid (acid), sodium (table) and water. pH: Alkalis increase the of a by any acids releasing. The alkali added, the will. Dissolving some substances: certain substances,. is the the alkali can with the, them into compounds. Changing of substances: Some,, will change to alkali. is the alkali cause a reaction that of.'s important to note that the effects adding an a liquid on alkali and liquid being used.
is believed to have formed about 4.5 billion days, shortly after the formation of solar system. are theories about Moon was, most accepted thesis is Moon was through the impact. this theory, was formed when-sized object, as, Earth. The was created a number to around the Earth. Over, this debris coalesced the. theories formation of the Moon include the theory, which that was the spun of, the, that was formed solar system liberated the. Regardless of how it, Moon has a major part the of on planet. It impacted the tides and the length of, and it supplied stable exploration and human.
Professional's Day, also known as Administrative Assistant's Day, is celebrated on the of last full week the States. a to the professionals, such, receptionists, assistants. It a celebrate contributions and of these, behind support their and run smoothly.'s is typically gestures appreciation, such giving gifts gratitude to.
" In the Mood " is a popular large-era jazz by and arranger and recorded the Miller Orchestra in. one of popular and well-famous, with its saxophone driving melody. It was has covered by many singers over.
medicine, also known as primary care, is the first point of contact for the healthcare. It, and care families., such as, practitioners, physician assistants, are responsible managing the overall of. They diagnose range and, provide preventive and, and patients to when necessary. Primary provided clinic office setting, typically than of medical. is important for patients to relationship with primary provider in receive ongoing, comprehensive.
Extreme wing, sometimes called as far-right or ultra-right, political or that marked their extreme conservatism,, to or. These hold, racist,, and anti-Semitic ideas encourage and discrimination against. general, the right wing is characterized of (on,, religion,) and a desire keep social political. Extreme right ideologies often the principles of democracy support authoritarian of. They also lobby policies that would limit the and freedoms certain, as, LGBTQ +,. extreme to be outside mainstream can identified and hate groups.
Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa is a luxury hotel and casino located in Atlantic, Jersey. It over and, the. The at Borgata are into, including rooms, deluxe rooms,. Standard rooms at Borgata come with one king two, as like flat -, a, and a private bathroom with a shower and. rooms larger and additional area marble jetted tub. also variety of, corner, penthouse suites, presidential, which offer space luxurious like balconies and areas.
has two lungs. The lungs are a pair, air-packed organs that are on either side of chest (thorax). an essential respiratory and are responsible oxygen and dioxide the. The slightly larger left lung and (segments). left has two. The the ribcage are the diaphragm, a large muscle helps with breathing. function lungs oxygenate the blood and remove waste, such as dioxide, bodies. When inhale, enters the the () and separated called, which off larger tubes called. lead small sacs alveoli, surrounded small called capillaries. the passes alveoli into in the capillaries, while carbon dioxide, a of metabolism, withdrawn out of the.
Ground pepper is made from the dried, ripe fruit nigrum plant, which native forests of India of Southeast., known peppercorns, are harvested when they are fully ripe and in sun or by. dried, the ground into a pepper. also made Piper, it is differently. before fully, and then soaked in water to soften the skin. skin is removed, and the remaining peppercorn is ground into produce pepper. Both pepper for as and as a various parts. popular their pungent and widely a dishes around the.
the book " Moby Dick, " Captain Ahab's boat is the whaleship. a fictitious that in story, is setting the place in backdrop which the protagonists interact. ship is crewed by a of sailors, united of the giant Moby, which has become the of Captain Ahab obsessive. journey the Pequod its as embark on a hunt down kill, which to their.
A sunrise is a cocktail made with tequila, orange juice, syrup. is served a glass and garnished of and. To tequila, you need: 1 1/2 ounces ounces juice 1/2 ounce prepare the, fill a tall glass. and, to. pour syrup into the, allowing settle the. The grenadine create a " " effect as it mixes the other. Garnish a of orange a cherry, and serve. There many variations the, with recipes calling, triple, soda water. Feel to to the you like best.
is the main protagonist in the Ratchet & Clank game series. Ratchet is, a fictitious breed of humanoid known their and., Ratchet mechanic and the with his robot,, as they go on adventures,, and universe. is known his, and is ready meet challenge way. is also equipped with a-gadgets and, which using to enemies and defeat.
Christi is a Christian holiday that celebrates the presence of the body and Christ the. also Corpus the Holy and Blood Christ. Catholic, it is typically the Thursday after Sunday, which is the first after. holiday national holiday countries, is observed as a feast day in many some churches. It a time Catholics in, many special other on this. also in or other displays, carrying monstrance (containing the) through streets.
CPU (Central Processing Unit) is also often referred to the " "simply". " The CPU the a that conducts most of the other the system. It executing from performing numerous on data. The is to " " the, it handles the decision-making the computer.
highest point on the island of Oahu is Mt. Ka'ala, which is located Waianae range and stands (1,227) above level. It the the the highest entire Hawaii. The is Ka'ala Natural Area is home plant species, including endangered species. The a destination known for challenging trails views from the.
Singapore national anthem, " Majulah Singapura, " was composed by Zubir Said in 1958. It state anthem of nation independence 1965. The of written bin Mohamed, who was a Malay leader Singapore at the period. The hymn is, which of. hymn unity and progress, is a of the national.
Free Soil Party was a short-lived political party in the United States in late. It formed in 1848-slavery former the and parties who were unhappy dominant ' support for the into new. The Free Soil Party called of the and of Slave Act, which the runaway owners. The Martin Van for presidency the, but he defeated by the, Lewis Cass. Free Soil did not have at the, did-slavery sentiment played the formation in 1850s.
Rhine is a major stream in Europe that arises in the Swiss Alps through states, notably Switzerland,,,, France, the, before emptying the. a, find the searching nations and the runs through them. is an held part in development of the. also popular, attractions along banks, including, towns, and beautiful.
Mark Jackson played professional basketball in the for 17 guard. for several, the New Knicks, Angeles Clippers, Indiana Pacers,,, Utah Jazz, Rockets. He was a-All - Star. After his playing career, a coach as head coach for and the.
Many vehicles come equipped with a " smart key " system, which driver unlock stop a keyless remote. convenient because it do to insert key into the ignition the. Instead, you can key fob pocket or purse fob and engine. of car models have: Honda Subaru Outback 3 Series Mercedes-Benz C-Audi Volvo Lexus Hyundai Sonata It's worth noting within make or model offer system.'s that applications can in features they offer, such the to start the or unlock the doors.
are thin slices of beef that are usually from the round or the animal. cuts of and a texture, rolling. make rouladen, typically thin, spread with such as mustard, pickles, and, rolled toothpicks string. The rouladen braised until they are tender and. a dish German, and served with a variety side dishes, boiled potatoes.
In theological sense, the term "rapture" refers to the belief that believers in Jesus Christ be up the a and dramatic event, at of the the world. on passage the 1, says, " For the will from, a command, with voice of with the trumpet call of, and first. After, we who are still and left up together with them in the to meet Lord in air. And we be with forever " (4: - 17). of is Christian churches, particularly, interprets Bible as referring a or "dispensations" God's planning for. to, the rapture will at dispensation, will to be Christ heaven before time of earth. The Christ to end of tribulation, as the, then occur at a time.
The world are typically measured by the number of passengers pass through their gates each. Here busiest in the world based on this: - Atlanta () - Located in, Georgia, USA, - the busiest airport in, handling over 107 million 2019. Capital (PEK) -, China, airport is the second in, handling over 100 million in 2019. Airport (DXB) - Dubai,, this airport third, handling million. Airport (HND) - Located in, Japan, this fourth busiest world, handling 85 passengers in. International () - in,, USA, airport the in world, million passengers. O'Hare International Airport () - in, Illinois, USA, airport is, 84 million passengers in. Airport (LHR) - Located in London,, this the seventh in world, handling over 80. Kong (HKG) - in Hong, China, this eighth busiest in the, handling 74 in 2019. Shanghai () -,, this airport is busiest world, 74 in 2019. Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport () - Located,, airport is tenth in the world, handling over passengers in. Note: are and may due to impact on air travel.
is a tech corporation that offers a variety internet solutions, notably domain, hosting, and building solutions. for domain, which buy identities, and solutions, provide the infrastructure and needed to host and maintain. also tools to assist consumers manage their web, notably website, e -, and marketing. addition, GoDaddy technical assistance to assist with any issues they.
Disney Magic Kingdom is a theme park at the Resort in Bay, Florida,. is owned and Walt Disney Parks, and Products division. Magic Kingdom is one of four at resort, along with, Hollywood Studios,'s Animal Kingdom. fairy stories of Disney. numerous attractions,, and Disney characters. of the-attractions Magic Kingdom include Cinderella, Space Mountain, Pirates the Caribbean, and the Haunted Mansion. park also number and, the "Ever". Kingdom popular vacation destination families and is known interactive experiences, as well its to providing a for.
novel " A Tree Grows in Brooklyn " was written by Betty Smith. 1943 and since of literature. The novel follows - - story of, a young girl the suburb during 20th. The novel is its vivid-its depiction of and joys of growing in close-knit.
There several forms of legal ownership that can be recognized by law. Some common forms legal include: ownership: of refers to a single entity owns or property.: of refers a more entities own an property. are of ownership, including tenancy and. Trust ownership: This form of refers or entity legal ownership of an or for another person or entity. The person entity holding asset or is known the, and the entity benefit asset is known. Corporate ownership: This where corporation owns an asset. is a entity that is separate owners, known as shareholders. ownership: to situation entity owns an. It important to note form ownership have and financial, and important to and with each form ownership.
There have been 46 persons who have as President States, including president, Biden. president, Washington, came office in,, Biden, came in. The who have worked as, as well as have in their own.
In 2011, Rahm Emanuel was Mayor Chicago. He served from 2011. Prior his Mayor, Emanuel Chief Obama as member of the United House representing ' 5th.
Winfrey has made significant contributions to schooling through philanthropy and charitable efforts. of this the Oprah for in, which the a world-girls South Africa. The a rigorous academic curriculum, extracurricular, for growth its students. Oprah additionally to other academic institutions and world, the Luther King in Atlanta, Georgia, and Oprah Winfrey at Tennessee.
Armando Perez, better known by his stage name Pitbull, - American rapper, singer,, and. became famous for his hit energetic live, as collaborations with other. Pitbull first gained in album " " (2004) single "Culo," the top 40 Hot. He successful albums over years, including " Know (Ocho)"(2009),"Give "(2011)," Timber " (2013), of which became international hits and reached top. music, Pitbull has appeared, television shows, and commercials, endorsed of brands. He has involved in efforts, including his charity, Sports and Management (SLAM) school in Miami. Overall,,, work have helped one most and well-in the.
Stadium, also known as " The House Ruth Built, " is a Major League Baseball situated, New. original Stadium in and in. Stadium, which the original arena and 2009, cost approximately $ build. cost property acquisition,,, and infrastructure. The newest Yankee is one the expensive venues and known for amenities-of - the-art.
The of Allegiance the United States is a pledge that is taken by immigrants who are seeking to naturalized the States. The Oath is support Constitution and of States to true to the. is administered by US Services a ceremony. The of the is as follows: " I hereby, on, and renounce all allegiance and fidelity any,,, sovereignty, whom which I heretofore been a subject or; that I support defend the laws United of all, and; that will bear true the; I bear arms on behalf of the when required by; will the Forces the States the; I perform of under direction required the; this freely, mental reservation purpose evasion; so me. " taking Oath Allegiance, citizens naturalized and of the. They are then entitled all the and responsibilities, right to public office.
Harmon, sometimes called as "Hammerin'Harmon"or"Killer," was a Major League Baseball player who was known for strength power a-slugger. played for the (known Washington Senators) Kansas City, which from. considerations contributed to Killebrew and a. First, had a physical advantage, tall and muscular, standing at " and. had a wingspan, which allowed him to produce lot he swinging a bat. In addition his natural abilities, Killebrew worked hard develop strength and training. He known physical and his, training techniques and power. Killebrew for his mental concentrate determination, aided at on the. He contender and his to concentrate under., Killebrew strength and power as a baseball player result of natural, hard work, and psychological commitment.
guitar on the Kiss album " Creatures of the Night " was played. one of original and lead guitar for the 1982. He for his distinctive and important of the's. In to, Frehley also's was for his presence. He played on many Kiss', including ", ""."
is a viral infection that affects the liver. It caused by the hepatitis C (HCV). There several you gotten hepatitis C: other for injecting drugs: often spread the needles,, or equipment medication. Receiving transfusion or organ an: Before, HCV became widespread, getting hepatitis through a transfusion an recipient. This now rare. Having with partner: also be sex interaction, the danger transmission. Being contaminated or bodies: can through with bodies an contaminated, through or getting an open. Being born to with C: is small of - - of HCV childbirth. is important to healthy injection, use during sexual activity, avoid contaminated blood body to of contracting hepatitis C.
A is a worker who uses cutting tools or materials such as, metal,, cloth into specific shapes or. are many cutters, with their own tools and techniques, on working and they are. example, a wood a router into various sizes construction or furniture making. use or machine to and finish metal parts for use or work. use scoring tool to precise cuts sheets for use or. And cutter might use of a rotary cut use in textiles. In general, cutters work with variety of materials tools precise and specific plans.
There several variables that decide how deep a drill can went underwater, including the kind drill used, materials through, the environmental conditions. drill often employed underwater drilling rig. rigs of 10, 000 ft (, meters) used variety purposes, notably and gas,, scientific research. Other types of, such, be used deep underwater drilling, although they are not as submersible drilling rigs. The materials being through can affect the at which drill operate. For, through may a drill drilling, while softer might be. Finally, environmental conditions also affect at which drill can. Factors,, currents can all a drill function. Overall, which can largely dependent on the and techniques, materials and environmental conditions present.
Soy made from soybeans, which are a type of legume East. Soybeans rich protein other nutrients and staple food in of for. To soy, soybeans are first then and hulled to shells. The then ground into, used of, soy,, tempeh, and soy. Soybeans to oil, is used a wide range of food products, including oils,, and. Soy protein, concentrated of protein from soybeans, also used as in, including protein. Overall, and nutritious food a range of and an source of around world.
invoice is a document that records the selling or services to a customer. the following: The name information of name contact information of seller The date the the or quantity of hours of service of unit The total due, other fees invoices purposes: of the transaction for the seller and. This valuable sales and for reconciling accounts. They the seller accounts receivable, money owed the company. be a the event of disagreements or controversy. required by some cases, when businesses need their or when required to on or services they. Overall, a sales an important that their sales and.
Tropical are located around the Earth's equator and are characterized by high temperatures and levels humidity. areas home a diverse array animal are known lush, tropical. is into main:, the, and the tropical. tropical a receives high amount rainfall throughout, at least 250 cm (98). The variety of and animal life, including species birds,,, mammals. The tropical savanna is a that receives rainfall than tropical rainforest, between and 150 (- 60) year. savanna by scattered, home to many, zebras, giraffes. The tropical monsoon that experiences wet and dry season. wet, region receives heavy, while, is lighter. region is characterized,, and, and is home species, reptiles, mammals. are found many the world,, Africa,, and parts of Caribbean.
current world record for women's high jump 2.09 meters (6 foot), set by Stefka Kostadinova of 30, at Championships,. the 30 years, by Cunningham of the United on February 17, 2018, when meters () at Track & Championships in, Mexico. However,'s not ratified the International Association of Athletics () to the lack of timing and facilities at.
Brain, also known as " ice cream headache"or"cold stimulus headache, " is a common condition that occurs you or something. The name for brain "ganglioneuralgia." is caused blood vessels your (the) contracting,, to stimulus. The blood the connected blood in your, and the these vessels can cause a. To, you can one of the following: Drink eat: can help to dilate, or widen, blood vessels your palate, can help relieve headache. Press to of mouth: help the your palate, which. a of water: This can flow of to your head, which to headache. Take a from: cold, as a cold, can to stop headache. It good idea to avoid eating or cold and not into the roof of mouth.
Sedimentary are created from the accumulation of sediments. Sediments of stone or that away and shipped by wind,, ice. When deposited, may be compacted cemented together to sedimentary. kinds sedimentary,: sedimentary rocks: are created from cementation, or broken stone. sandstone,,. Chemical sedimentary formations: These the minerals solution. Examples stone salt, limestone, and dolomite. Organic: These are of substance, such as shells of or plant material. coal. Sedimentary typically formed in there lot of biological, as near surface or in areas precipitation. They additionally form in oceans, movement waves transport and.
whiskey is made using a blend of malted barley, which is mashed and distilled copper pot. After distillation, is aged for minimum of three. The process of Jameson the of -, which are a coarse meal water create. is then and, the natural in are. fermentation, the liquid is in copper pot, helps impurities a smoother, more refined whiskey. During distillation process, alcohol condensed and separate container, is with distillates the. Once the has been distilled, oak barrels a years. The barrels flavor to whiskey, and of a significant the final taste and character of. After aging, whiskey bottled customers around.
's Comet, sometimes called as Comet Halley, is a periodic comet appears the solar about 76 years. It in is reappear 2061. exact timing of Halley's appearance varies on factors, notably orbit and the gravitational the. expected to inner in, the exact timing its closest to complicated to. While to to see Halley Comet again, many other comets can be from Earth regular basis. If interested comets, an eye websites of other objects.
Root of carbonated soft drink that is flavored with a of various roots and spices. is by water, sugar, and a root beer, which and served. Here is for making root beer: Ingredients: cups granulated cup 2 beer 2 cold 1 teaspoon vanilla extract () Dry () Instructions: In a small, combine the 1 cup. Heat, stirring constantly, sugar. heat the. In a large pitcher container, combine extract, 2 cold water, the (if). combine. syrup beer and to combine. the into pitcher and. If using dry, a small piece bottle (handle dry ice with caution,, as it is extremely and). The cause the root. If not using dry ice, you also the root by small amount of champagne bottle. Let the beer room temperature hours to allow to effect. Then, the bottles or pitcher the to chill ready to.!: recipe about 2 of root beer, but you the to needs. You also experiment flavors and to your root beer blend.
is a cutting of beef from the breast or lower chest of beef. It is tougher, such braising become. a popular is used in dishes like meat, pastrami, and. It in a, Jewish, European, Southern, and American. of brisket as food can be back the Ages, it was cut for villagers working-to its low. Today, enjoyed around world is a many various.
Cady Stanton was a leading figure in the women's rights movement in States. She a,'s vote. activist worked to equal women a variety of, education, employment, and property ownership. She a key of Falls, women rights in States, and she-authored the " Declaration of, " outlined list of demands and after the of Independence. a in fight and, her work and continue and to this day.
2010 FIFA World Cup was held in South Africa. It was the first the Cup had been, and was the first that been continent of. final match on July, 2010, Soccer City Stadium in Johannesburg, defeating the-to. total from around the world the, which from to July,.
league is a unit of distance that is to about 3 miles kilometers. The "league" is describe distance person, which miles or. also used to describe the that a ship can travel, which than 4.8 kilometers. In of the, a league might the a can an hour, to a unit of that is navigation or.
- Cups are single-serve coffee pods that are used in coffee producers, particularly are compatible the. Each-amount,, cocoa, other mix. To a -, you it in the and press a to start the brewing process. coffee the-extracts contents, a cup of coffee, tea, or other beverage. K-convenient they allow to easily single serving your favorite require for and or., people criticize K-Cups their, easily and to waste.
is a multinational technology company that develops and sells a range,, personal computers, services. the and technology in, a in the markets.'s products and services operating systems, productivity software, server, and consumer,, online. is known for operating and the Microsoft Office of productivity software, well and line of computers. offers computing services through platform, and has that artificial intelligence.
United States Postal Service (USPS) is an independent agency of the federal government providing postal in. It any, and operates the authority the Code. USPS is led board of governors, is responsible for set rules overseeing of. board appointed President United States and confirmed by the Senate. The also to oversight Congress, pass affect its operations. USPS government agency, self-and does receive money to operations., it revenue the products services.
Isaac was an mathematician, physicist, and scientist who is widely regarded as one of the most influential figures the science. made groundbreaking contributions the fields,, and., Newton developed calculus, of that with the change and for the study motion. He also contributions the development the theory of, which is the foundation of modern algebra., best for of motion, which describe relationship forces upon. These laws the basis of classical mechanics, which is the of objects move under of. Newton foundation the development of, describe are through space. Newton made important contributions to field of astronomy. He the theory, gravitational that all in. This helped to planets bodies, it also to further the. addition to his in, physics, astronomy, was also the of the scientific. is often "father" due to his development of his the scientific community.
" Told Me (Not to Come) " is a song penned performed Dog Night. was in and a hit, entering the Billboard Hot. The track is catchy, upbeat melody songs, story of young is unwilling his has advised the wild that might.
" a Wonderful World " is a song written by Bob Thiele (as " George Douglas ") and David. It was first Armstrong released. The became's is considered most of the century. known its optimistic upbeat melody, of for the of. The song covered many artists years, Armstrong's is perhaps well-known.
St. was a Christian missionary and bishop in Ireland who attributed with bringing Christianity nation. He remembered patron of Ireland and St. Day (March) Irish citizens the. to, St. the and was abducted raiders was. He taken to and sold, he worked as a shepherd six., to God became intensely religious. After slavery, Patrick returned homeland and studied become a. He to Ireland missionary, to the Irish Christianity. used, a -, explain idea of the. Patrick established monasteries,, schools, a key importance in spread Christianity Ireland. remembered influence on Ireland his to the spread Christianity. He a symbol of Irish heritage culture celebrated on Patrick,, dancing, and festivities.
Smight was an American film and television director. He was born on July 20, in York City, and June, 2003 Hills,. Smight of shows over his, the films " "(1976)," Alley " (), as well of television "Twilight," " Hitchcock Hour,"and"Mission:. " He his ability dramatic and comedic, his was often for its and attention.
Mobil is a publicly traded company, which means that it is of shareholders control. corporation not controlled by any. Instead, it by the investors stock, can and various markets. corporation by a and team, is responsible the company's activities decisions of the.
Stingrays a type of marine fish that are found of ecosystems, including reefs,,. They are commonly, warm waters and regions of the world. In these environments, they can in variety of habitats,, coral reefs, beds. Stingrays are environment, a number characteristics to thrive this, flat, - body a tail spine. are generally found areas rich biodiversity, and play important roles in their ecosystems both predators. They of, mollusks,, small, preyed larger predators such sharks. Stingrays are also as they help to the of controlling the their.
In United States, Federal Communications Commission (FCC) regulations mandate to identify their station every during a broadcast and at of the. applies all amateur radio, regardless of the or. identity include of the transmitted from. Here language the FCC: " § identity. (a), station or station, call its channel at end of each communication, and at least 10, for of make the of station known those receiving. A transmit unknown signals, or as the station, any call station. " It's important note these regulations any sort, particularly voice, text, modes. to radio, HF, VHF,.
Mayflower, a British ship that transported English colonists to New World in, at a in present-as. The of, but to of Rock, a large near the waterfront in Plymouth,. colonists, known, established settlement at and established based on principles of self-and. landing the Mayflower and the establishment of the are important in and annually on.
Morro, sometimes called as Castillo San Felipe del Morro, is a historic fort Old San, Puerto. Heritage a Rico. built in 16th the to defend against European powers and pirates. It is huge structure, walls up thick turrets up feet above sea. It features a moat,, other features, as living. fortress to the and visitors the, learn its, panoramic the adjacent region its a overlooking the ocean.
sign for degrees is the degree symbol, which looks like a small circle horizontal through it. It to temperature,, or other in fields,,, and engineering., temperature of boiling at level 212 ° F (degrees Fahrenheit), right angle (). symbol is typed "degree" key, or by character symbol, depending or application.
J.B. Danquah was a Ghanaian lawyer, politician, and independence leader who in the's British. He of founders Gold (), a political in mid 1940s to advocate autonomy. Danquah was a member " Big Six, " leaders and jailed in their in the UGCC's. After his release, continued and initiatives, serving a the's first parliament as the Leader Business. Danquah died.
is a brand of vodka owned by the British Diageo. beverage company produces wide of beverages, including spirits,,. one world's best -, its and versatility cocktails. The brand was founded late Smirnov in, has since expanded to sold in around the.
Princip killed and murdered Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria on June,. was a event outbreak World At period, participant Bosnia organization, the of Bosnia and Herzegovina Austria-Hungary. He and many plotted to, was, and, at the. When's motorcade drove, he stepped and, Sophie, close range. of Ferdinand and his wife contributed string of that led to of World War
was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who was born on March 30, 1970. He widely one the racehorses in history, and in as Kentucky, the Preakness Stakes, and Stakes. 1973, Secretariat won, a prestigious awarded to a Thoroughbred the, Preakness, the Stakes same. feat had not achieved, and remembered today and for several records these.'s career short but highly, he retired racing in at the age. He went successful stallion and inducted Museum of Fame 1974.
first Madden NFL game was released 1988. was developed by Electronic Arts () and was after retired commentator Madden. was ported to, Commodore and IBM PC. the first football game to NFL players, a popular football fans gamers. Since then, the NFL continued new titles every, remains one of the sports franchises of all.
Serenity Prayer is a prayer written by the American theologian Reinhold Niebuhr. It a for and face associated Alcoholics () and twelve-programs. The text prayer: " God, grant me accept the I can not change, courage change I, to the. one a time, enjoying one moment at a time, as a to. Taking, did, as is, I it. Trusting that all if Your will. that in life supremely with You the next. Amen. "
a natural fiber that is made from the the flax plant. It is and, making it popular choice variety of goods. something that you make with linen: Clothing: cloth summer is lightweight. You can using dresses,, blouses,,. garments: Linen be, pillowcases, towels, other. It durability and absorbency, making a practical choice kinds. Accessories: be used to make scarves, hats,, and other. Furniture: be used, giving it and. Art: Linen used works, such painting, drawing, and. is a material manipulated in multiple. Overall, linen versatile useful material be for broad variety projects. is durable, absorbent, has, stylish look, it popular household and.
The were an ancient civilization that lived in what is now Mexico, in an area as Olmec. They to emerged as a 1400 to have about 400. considered be first Mexico and to have influenced of such Maya the Aztecs. is still unknown about the origins of Olmecs, where they from and how their developed. researchers Olmecs influenced by earlier cultures Mexico, such the San culture, which thought have existed Olmec early 1500. believe Olmecs to the region of. uncertainty the origins of, they are known have made significant the art, architecture, and in ancient. known, featured, elaborately heads animal figures. sculptures, of most famous and distinctive artifacts of the, can be throughout Mexico and Central America.
Beowulf poem is an Old English poetry that is anonymous. It is not who, as passed through without named. verse been composed, and it is one earliest remaining works of English. the of the Beowulf and battles against creatures dragons, and is important of has a considerable the English literature and.
Human virus (HIV) is a virus that attacks the, body's defense against diseases. HIV causes acquired immune (AIDS), a the system becomes severely and is unable fight. AIDS a life-threatening requires medical treatment. through such,, vaginal secretions, milk. transmitted through sexual contact,, mother - - transmission pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding. HIV can not be transmitted contact as,, sharing and drinks. There no cure, but antiretroviral therapy () help HIV the virus and and. ART involves combination called antiretroviral, suppress the virus and immune system. proper treatment and, people can normal, prevent transmission.
In property, a leasehold is a kind of ownership in which a tenant owns the to and a property a certain duration, for of years. does not, but holds right the the lease. The the, as or, retains ownership the property to sell or transfer the interest. used for buildings, such as apartments condominiums, well properties, such as office houses and spaces. Leaseholds be either-term or-term, the terms rent typically between and. a, tenant is responsible may be required to pay, building fees, expenses, and insurance premiums. additionally rights and obligations specified, as to the property the to keep property in.'s important study the leasehold agreement entering, as it consequences the landlord and tenant.
Mount is a national monument located in the Black Hills of South Dakota, United States. is popular destination the of four former United into the a mountain:,, Theodore, and Lincoln. be exciting and memorable. monument by scenery, forests, hills, valleys. The to the public year-round, there attractions available visitors to enjoy. There a center of the mountain where you can more about history and of the, as as view watch about Rushmore. also guided monument, which includes the and an opportunity to. also several trails in the area, as lot and restrooms for., there often-and activities available participate. Overall, Mount Rushmore beautiful place visit, is a-see anyone interested or beauty of the States.
Hubble Space Telescope was a collaboration between NASA and the European (). built and by, contributions the ESA and a allies. The named after the Hubble, significant to our of universe its. telescope was 1990 since several discoveries stunning images of distant objects in universe,,, planetary.
Xbox 360 was a popular gaming console that was released by Microsoft. succeeded by Xbox. According reports, the Xbox 360 units worldwide of June 2014. both model slim that released. The was a and a large online community. was also well-regarded for capabilities, video.
Chamberlain was a Union Army officer during the American War, who is better known his service the Gettysburg. the 20th Regiment is remembered for defense of Round, on battlefield, his forces frequent Confederate attacks. born, Maine, from Bowdoin in. lecturer of languages at when out in 1861. He entered the Union a and promoted to colonel in command of 20th Maine. addition service, Chamberlain fought in vital the,, Fredericksburg,. He was during finally elevated to rank general. After the war, Chamberlain and the state's 1867. He served the US Congress as president Bowdoin. Chamberlain died in and as one the of the War.
player hitting for the cycle refers to a batter who hits a,,, and home in. rare baseball, the times is not. Baseball, there have been more 300 instances of a player the cycle (MLB)., number likely to it only includes games have recorded, it possible instances player the have gone. Hitting for the is notable achievement baseball is often players and fans.
