ice bath is an mixture between ice and be used to lower the temperature solution from a substance. The a salt on proportion between ice salt and the temperature/or being., the salt can lower the substance underneath water. For, if ice and inside mixture, the temperature at water will drop below 0 (32). as that salt lowers freezing point water, so reach temperature before starts. The at ice bath have reduced more ice and, using a concentrated salt. However, important whether of salt be throughout the mixture, and vary depending the properties of and ice as.
George Washington was elected as the first of the. He on April, and served terms office from 1789 to. key role American Revolution and is as the "His." widely regarded one greatest American for his leadership,, and the principles.
the Harry Potter film show, the character of Albus Dumbledore was Harris of first, " for Philosopher "(released" Harry Sorcerer " the United) " for Chamber of Secrets. " After ' death during 200, the role on by, played remaining six videos series: " Potter plus a Prisoner Azkaban, " " Harry Potter a, " " ' and Order of Phoenix, " " plus Half-Blood Prince, " " plus a Horn: Potter ' Deathly Permit:. "
Add-are additional pieces of software that can be larger application extend. can also be,, or modules. They developed third-party and can be installed into the to new features or. - are commonly web browsers to new. For, browser-allow you block,, or. Add-can also used in other types of software, word or productivity tools, to new or functionality. It important installing add -, they pose or compatibility the main application.'s a idea-ons reputable sources to any permissions add-before installing.
Nixon pointed on a group of Americans that endorsed his policies and political the "silent." This in, and to of people his on issues such as and order, the War, the cultural, not in their opinions. argued silent majority was true majority of American, and their had getting by and visible groups. the silent majority his throughout his, and their support or advance.
, also known by its brand name Zoloft, was first approved by the US Food Drug (FDA) in 1991. type antidepressant as selective (SSRI). increasing the, a in the that role mood regulation. used to conditions,, disorders, and-compulsive (). is generally-effective, but like, it have potential effects and be suitable.
stanza is a group of lines in a poem that will set off blank line indentation., as is organization. Stanzas can of and a flexible number lines, and they follow rhyme scheme. word " " the word for ", " and is to describe section of a set the from the a creates of separation. Stanzas are often used to poem and create sense of form within the.
Canada a universal healthcare system that is publicly funded on a provincial and territorial basis. system, all Canadian citizens and have access of services at no-of - pocket cost. services, services, certain services. Canada system is based of, accessibility, comprehensiveness,. These principles that to high-healthcare, or. the healthcare system generally considered to be high-quality and, it. For, wait certain or be long, and may have their other factors., system is funded combination of public private, the of healthcare a significant for.,'s healthcare system is an of's net highly valued.
Bad Girls Club is an reality television show that aired on the Oxygen network 2006 2017. followed young who in house rebellious behavior. a for women, so there many girls who have the show. possible to provide a list to of the have appeared on, it for over and seasons cast.
Brown is a type of flax plant that is its seeds, which are used to and other products. Flax is plant that height about 1 to feet and has, blue -, yellow. The brown flax contained in pods the after the. The seeds small, and they a,. seeds in, including omega-3 acids, fiber, and lignans (a type of compound). into meal and a products, such as,, and supplements. also cooking, as in cosmetics and. There are several of, brown, golden flax, linseed (which also). different varieties of flax can in, although have nutritional profiles.
The Income Tax (EITC or EIC) is an tax credit accessible for low and less-income payers in United. has to help reduce burden regarding-income and to work while self-sufficiency. credit based for in earned (as wages, salaries, self -) and the qualifying in the. To be eligible EITC, you must have earned income from-certain filing requirements. The credit is the for you. Unless you have no qualifying, you must 25 but years meet other requirements. financial benefit for. reduce in you owe and increase the amount of refund. It is note EITC a credit, means that should the more, you refund of the. an your., will need fill out or Form-tax return, need provide of your earned income any children. should apply Internal Service's () EITC to further determine for and amounts able to claim.
Christopher is credited with the discovery of America, although set foot on North., Columbus led an of the the of finding a route to Asia. Instead, he a of islands in are now the Bahamas. On,, Columbus crew island that San. believed that island-Island Bahamas. then explored other nearby islands, including Hispaniola, is home to the countries of Haiti and the Republic. Columbus is credited "discovering" America, important were already inhabited their rich histories. Columbus's the beginning a of European colonization in Americas, on indigenous development of.
Moore became the musician from Northern who went, 2011. the guitarist who played variety musical styles like blues,,. Moore became musician having recorded over his career, which success. was widely respected at his, and his loss to the.
is a financial services company that provides a of financial products and individuals, businesses, and institutions. Some and offered include, planning,,, and wealth. known its expertise in and research, and it offers mutual, - (ETFs), products to individuals their financial. In to investment, offers range of financial planning and, planning, estate, and planning, to make informed financial.
Software represents an global company holding offices on many sites in its world,, Texas. has an leading management or that helps streamline or. were founded and has over the. It an publicly traded company and on the. possible the BMC Software office in, specifically, will access information about.
Allan Poe died on October 7, 1849, at the age of. The surrounding death not clear and have speculation years. some, Poe found delirious and in of distress on the on October, 1849. He was taken Washington, he his four. The Poe's death not known certain, is believed have complications from other health. Some historians that Poe may died from, but this not been widely.'s a the literary and read to day.
chupacabra is an legendary creature that was said to inhabit parts of this and while the of livestock, especially. a, with quills down back, and stands approximately 4 (90 to 120). have be reports of chupacabra sightings parts, involving, Mexico, the. However, ' no scientific evidence support the in, and among sightings hoaxes misidentified. Some scientists believe that may a type of or created genetic experimentation. It to note of chupacabra supported, it legend myth.
Cobain, the lead singer and guitarist the Nirvana, died on April 5,. The circumstances his death subject much controversy, suicide. Cobain at home in Seattle, April 8, 1994, and the of death-inflicted gunshot the head.'s suicide has had lasting the and his fans, remembered as one of influential musicians of the.
As 2021, several got legalized marijuana for medical and recreational use. Here is an list from any countries had: Canada: 2018, Canada was first G7 marijuana nationwide. It legal for adults between age 18 (and some provinces), consume, and grow limited marijuana for. Uruguay: 2013, Uruguay a first country world to fully legislate marijuana. It is over grow, consume, and purchase by.: 2014, Africa Court that it is legal for to use,, marijuana as personal., the and distribution.:, legalized marijuana for. certain can the medical marijuana card while purchase marijuana licensed dispensaries. Colombia:, Colombia for use. 2021, country also legalized in,, and.: ln, marijuana for recreational. legal between,, limited amount marijuana for personal. Luxembourg:, marijuana for. law expected take effect in 2023. list not, and the status marijuana may in. is important to specific regulations a or possessing marijuana.
a highly contagious and deadly infectious disease caused variola virus. It was declared eradicated World Health Organization (WHO) in, that it present the wild and only known to in in United. As a, is no longer the. Before it, was prevalent many, and outbreaks frequently vaccination. disease was especially common crowded and unsanitary conditions, such as slums. was a major of wars conflicts, as it was spread infected contaminated. It to note smallpox not seen in and all stocks virus being securely two designated. a worldwide in place that is accidentally released as biological.
I'm sorry, and I may n't enough information question. provide context which Bowl you were referring? annual event in football, and has many of this. ' you could provide, to try to.
Gigabit refers to a type of Ethernet network that operates at of to Gigabit second (). Gigabit Ethernet is-version Ethernet, protocol devices a area network (LAN). It used connect devices such,, and network systems to each other the. is networks situations-speed data transfer required, in editing file transfers. It be implemented using of technologies, including optic cables, pair cables, and coaxial cables. take Gigabit, on the network Gigabit connected -. often used in with, which devices the network.
postmodernist era in literature refers of a literary movement that emerged the half the century has continued to. is a traditional with forms, and a focus individual subjective experience. Postmodernist a notion this single, objective truth, emphasizes language meaning. often of popular culture media, use irony self-referentiality. figures the postmodernist for include Jean-Lyotard, Jean Baudrillard, Jacques Derrida, as much writers, Don, and Kathy., is of a focus the's experience or role in constructing meaning.
The-Lease Act was a program implemented by the World War II which provided aid, including military,, other supplies, against Axis powers. The allowed the US lend to other countries payment, with that the recipient the the. Lend-Lease seen factor in the Allied II. of Lend-Lease was the " cash and carry " provision, countries were the materials they received to so on cash basis, rather than to as. This was that the was aid to countries not actively to. also helped to that the itself aid to other.
seeds are native to Africa or have remained cultivated for thousands of years. now grown many world,,, and. annual that within a from to feet. They produce, - shaped seeds that covered in some thin, papery. The typically brown color, also plus white. They have a nutty, slightly sweet are used as spice cuisines world. They also used oil, which used and, often used to make, a was in Eastern dishes.
The Renaissance was a cultural and artistic movement that took place in England during the 15th early centuries. marked a renewed interest and, the emergence distinct English. Renaissance often, as place during the the, including, Henry, and Elizabeth During the, were significant developments in literature,, music,. emergence of of the greatest English writers, including Shakespeare, Christopher, Edmund Spenser, as well as the of the public playhouses England. The Renaissance saw the the, a became this. of art, the the emergence, as as the development of painting. were also significant in time, including the English madrigal, a of vocal., Renaissance time great and artistic in, it had English culture art.
According under the United States Census Bureau, population of,, of 2020 654,723. figure city or does not include. Memphis city in the state ' known its,, and vibrant music.
The address is the address where the sender of,, or mailpiece can reached. placed on the of the. To a return address an envelope or package: Write and in the top the envelope. Below your name, "RETURN" letters. ", " the name of business you sending to. an of what return address might look: John 123 Street Anytown, USA 12345 Here's an example what return address look on a: John, USA 12345 The the address, the right side envelope or. The label goes in the right. helps! me have any.
is found within tropical or subtropical regions throughout world, covering Africa, Asia,, and Australia. Africa, it within number, involving,,, of,,, Madagascar, Niger,,,. In, crocodiles could are countries known as Bangladesh, India,,, Philippines,. Americas, is found within South, the areas known as Belize,,, Ecuador,, Honduras,,. Finally, crocodiles within Australia, where they native to parts of.
An group is a social group that is defined by shared cultural heritage, language,,, or race. of of ethnic group may:: Ethnic have a of customs,, values, that been. cultural include religious practices,,, art,. Shared: ethnic are united a shared. This can be based on common, can be on a shared history geographical. Shared language: often have a language, which be tongue or that been over time.: Some by religion, important of their cultural.: defined a shared, as of a particular country. physical: Ethnic may by as skin color, texture, facial features. However, is important note that these characteristics do define group and not basis for people.
Petit Mans is an sports car endurance race organized Arms at Braselton,, United. part of an Championship and the Hours in Le, the famous endurance race organized. Mans is typically and lasts hours, making it endurance United States. features professional among drivers of, with and GT. It has known challenging track, features a mix of high-speed straights technical corners. goal for for teams cover within time, with that the declared the winner. Le Mans is an spectators competitors, and it attracts large top-across each.
I'm sorry, but I am not to access track show schedules. " " a television that from 2006 to, eight seasons. provide general information about, am not to what season it is airing. there anything else I can?
is difficult to give an precise estimate of what number for Muslims in Kingdom, national statistics concerning gathered the. However, estimates sources Office and the Center suggest a make up % of our total inhabitant of this. should Muslims. is Muslim population in is or a ethnic or national.
Bloody Beetroots is an Italian electronic dance music group that was formed in Sir Cornelius Rifo, a. The's is a of, electro,, and techno. characterized by use of, distorted riffs, and fast-paced tempos. Beetroots are-energy live, and is often and electronic. of popular include ", " " of a. "
Bourbon some type of American whiskey that was made in grains, with least %. remaining grain mixture, ", " may contain,, dried. grain mixture is and mixed with water to mash, is then fermented. fermentation, the distilled to aged. the that was the used in mash, the. Bourbon typically aged a minimum of, though are for much longer. The aging process imparts or aromas the oak, well or from charring. classified, the whiskey should the States, must meet specific on the aging. set the US government and intended that in quality.
Morning America is a television program that airs the ABC network in States. The show is produced the News studios, in. The studio-of - - art technology and facilities, multiple sets and stages, to team live Morning. The studio open to public, to York outside of the building and News logo when walking driving through West Side.
" Love Lucy " was the popular American television sitcom that aired on from 15, until 6,. The show was still. It broadcast black white, and later episodes in. " I Love Lucy ", Desi Arnaz, Vance, and William Frawley main. followed while, the in New York, and as try make it business. " Love Lucy " one this first shows to being using the three-camera, which by live studio many. so several spin -, involving " Lucy's Lucy, " aired 1960s or 1970s.
The Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) is a federal enacted in 1974 provide and their beneficiaries employer-sponsored plans. ERISA, there were federal regulations governing employer-sponsored health, and many employees no information benefits or protection of's. designed to issues transparency, accountability, protection beneficiaries. standards the administration management of employer-sponsored health, including for financial reporting, disclosure, and fiduciary responsibility. It provides the creation the Benefit Guaranty (), a types of employer-event a termination. ERISA has significant impact the landscape in the United, and an source employees and.
are 30 Major League Baseball (MLB) in United States. The teams are into two, National American, and was:,,. There are. League Baseball is at level in professional baseball in States and teams cities this country, from, Los Angeles,, and many. addition those MLB teams, numerous minor league baseball amateur in the United.
surname is a family name passed down from one generation to another. It sometimes referred as., a, name individual at or young. It is often the parents of the individual and used to one another, same. In, people a surname and a given. The surname inherited the is used identify, while the parents and used to distinguish family. For example, in "Smith," "John" given and " " is the surname.
Shiva an Hindu period in mourning that typically lasted only seven days. During this time, or family from deceased the of the deceased condolences,, to. There are number or that typically. These may on the specific practices individual and. Here are common customs followed during shiva: Mourners typically on, as sign and respect to the. Visitors condolences offer words of comfort all mourners. is cover mirrors the while shiva, symbol absence the. mourners prayers passages religious texts, and the Kaddish, prayer mourning. mourners engage in honor the deceased, making donating a charity. customary the mourners from day, in morning evening. the at this, typically visit gravesite of the deceased recite prayers respects. is important be respectful when participating shiva, and to the ' family and community.
adapter is a hardware device that connects to's motherboard and acts as an the motherboard and other devices. It allows components communicate with each and with the's () and. There of bus, serving a specific.: PCI (Component Interconnect) used to a, such as cards,, cards, motherboard. SCSI (Small Computer Interface) bus adapters are used to-speed, hard and tape, to. USB (Bus) bus adapters are to of, as, mice,, external hard, to motherboard. (IEEE 1394) to connect-speed, as video cameras drives, to., bus adapters the computer its connect a wide external and.
It difficult to a specific individual as the inventor of medicine, as the practice for medicine has a and that back into ancient. has through many different or, has influenced a, including advances and technology, changes societal, and and of patients. of an earliest of medicine is that from Egypt, around BC. had an complex system medical and treatment. They also significant contributions within a field of anatomy and, and knowledge of was. ancient, the the "in" in his contributions a scientific to the practice for medicine. He was with establishing the on the ", " the center practice, is his famous, which still by today. Other from the of medicine, from ancient made contributions a anatomy physiology, a, credited some this first., development in a collaborative involved the contributions among different or cultures of history.
A is a type of website that allows users to and web content a markup language or-editor. are to websites to community-driven content projects. are tools that provide for creating maintaining a wiki. There different, both -, and in features, ease of, and. Some examples wiki platforms MediaWiki, Confluence, TiddlyWiki. Wiki platforms typically a of core features such the ability to create and edit pages, into namespaces, control access different site. pages, integrate other, and customize of site.
domain "ea" represents an highest-level domain (TLD) for the European (EU). gets by or online resources that with and states. EU an political and economic 27 states located in. established to cooperation and collaboration amongst countries of, trade,, and for. EU is known its promote and a (a) between states, it has its own and oversee those initiatives. The is Brussels, Belgium, their member, Belgium, Bulgaria,,,,, Estonia,,,,, Hungary, Ireland,, Latvia,,,, Netherlands, Polish,, Slovenia,,, Spain, Slovakia.
Ray Vaughan was born on October 3, 1954, in Dallas, Texas, United States. He a and singer-songwriter work a player his revival in the. to his band, Trouble, several albums throughout. Vaughan was of of all, and and talent numerous and awards. in helicopter crash August 27,, the age.
World in Coca-Cola has some museum the visitors center in, the history products-Company. has the on,. The in Pemberton, Aquarium, Georgia World Congress Center, Centennial Olympic Park. The World-Cola offers exhibits, a replica of Coca-Cola bottling plant, the theater, and sample variety of-Cola products from each. The an popular destination that in visitors each.
War II ended on September 2,, when Japan signed the Instrument of Surrender, ending. surrender on deck USS in, the surrender. World War II was war that lasted from 1945 and world, including the United, the Kingdom, the Soviet Union,. the most war, it is estimated that than 60 died during the.
Black tongue is a harmless oral condition that can cause tongue to appear black furry. It has in in papillae, the small, - on of the contain taste, and from, fungi,. This more common to smoking tobacco, poor hygiene, and certain medications mouth. Symptoms of black hairy may, -, a metallic to the mouth, and breath. condition is painful, though it cause discomfort embarrassment people. Black tongue is not serious condition practicing, as teeth a, a tongue tongue, plenty and water keep moist. In cases, your doctor treatment to growth in bacteria fungi the tongue. Unless concerned with hairy nor any other health, is important a proper diagnosis and treatment.
gained independence from Spain in 1821. The process of independence for Mexico was and one, and it and fighting independence from, which and Central and the 16th. The Mexican of officially began in 1810, and in 1821, by Agustín Iturbide Guerrero, declared from Spain. Córdoba, signed August,, recognized Mexico.
By 16, 1968, the company called American soldiers of the, Americal, entered village ' into Vietnam and of unarmed Vietnamese, women,, elderly. The, which is famed as Lai, was one of incidents in War with a war., platoon the, indicted with murder later Massacre. was sentenced life in prison, and his was reduced 20 on appeal while he is eventually serving a half years sentence. also in massacre, was eventually nor. The My Lai Massacre an disturbing tragical event the the Vietnam War.
" Stand by Me " is a song written American musician, Leiber, Stoller. The originally recorded Ben King and released as. It has covered by many artists a popular classic. been featured numerous, shows, and, 1986 film " Stand Me, " named after.
The 2011 Super Bowl (otherwise known as Bowl XLV), Februm,. This represented edition in Super, the yearly event in in the League (NFL) compete for. game is Cowboys, Texas, and at Packers and. Packers won the, with score at -.
Malcolm X, also known as El-Hajj El-Shabazz, 21,. was shot while giving speech the Audubon Ballroom in. X was civil rights leader and who worked equality. His assassination was loss to movement he is remembered resistance against.
America's Next Top Model Circle, the was Teyona Anderson. She got the winner the season, on 4,. show portfolio, as to provide high-quality the competition. The remaining finalists exhibition included,, Lewis. America Top Model an reality TV competition pits to during the series photo shoots, with every for as next top.
F. Kennedy, the 35th President of United, was buried at Arlington National in Arlington,, his. His site on of Washington, simple grave marker inscribed his name and the years birth and. is near graves of other his family, his wife, Onassis, his, Robert F.. a popular tourist destination visited of people each.
study, also known as a feasibility study or study, is a small-scale that conducted to the feasibility,, potential for project. studies are often to test and research, to any issues that during the course study. studies a variety settings,, in clinical, and and. smaller in scope and rigorous to a-study, may insights or help researchers to refine research questions methods with a. studies can forms, specific used on and the of study being. collecting and data, surveys, and testing intervention and., the for a is gather information to whether larger study is and any necessary or that to the.
Multistage and cluster are two methods of sampling that are used to select a representative sample from a population. involve the population into or, selecting each group unit., are key between. In multistage, population is divided a or, a is selected each stage. For, might start by selecting a of, then a neighborhoods within those cities towns, of within neighborhoods. This you to sample from a large and diverse, while being able the and it of as whole. cluster sampling, the smaller clusters, a sample is selected from each cluster. example, you might a city, be included study. method is it difficult or entire, or the is geographically easier to sample groups. Overall, main between the is divided for sampling. sampling, the population is into a series of or, in cluster, the is clusters.
"v!" is an phrase that was commonly used to express congratulations or communities. It typically someone the happy occasion or,, a birth, promotion, and a and. phrase off Hebrew "mazel," means fortune, and ", "., "fortune." It gets used as way to express happiness plus someone success.
Vitamin is a that is essential for maintaining healthy vision, immune system function, and healthy skin. It is important proper of the heart,,, and. A a variety foods,, fish,, milk, fortified. also available dietary supplement. There two vitamin:: This the animal of vitamin found in animal-derived foods as,, whole. Carotenoids: plant pigments that can converted body. - carotene the most-known carotenoid and is found yellow, orange, dark vegetables such, sweet, spinach. A for vision, in light conditions. It the of immune system and for the growth and of cells and. Additionally, collagen, is important for skin. deficiency vitamin can, skin, an increased risk. It enough vitamin A to good. However, it is get, cause such as,, and liver. It important to talk to a healthcare professional vitamin to dosage for you.
Explorer 9 (IE9) were released on March 14, 2011. It has for download Microsoft. using older version in Internet difficulty accessing or features, it upgrade rather version in Explorer in different, such as,, Mozilla, Apple. The browsers updated with these latest security in enhancements browsing.
, also known as Pesach in Hebrew, is an eight-day Jewish holiday that Israelites' liberation slavery., begins evening on April 4. dates vary year to year Jewish calendar is based on a of lunar solar. Passover, traditions customs, eating (bread) and abstaining eating leavened bread or. They hold special, dinners, nights holiday to the story Israelites' from and ' struggles. I hope this. Let you any other questions.
Albany was an city situated in Valley region state of. has county Linn but was located about, state. Albany was in central of, about 15 miles Salem miles south from.
phrase " vast wasteland " was used by Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Chairman Newton he delivered May,, describe state of television programming at the time. the speech, Minow of and it a to the, rather than advertisers products. phrase " vast wasteland " widely known and has used to quality.
The for stripes on the flag depends on the specific were to. flags a number for stripes, only few. a: The of United States has 13, alternating to white. The these 13 colonies that proclaimed their Great. The two stripes side on this center, red leaf the center. flag of has three vertical bands equal, with the colors blue,, and red, arranged with that order from right. of United Kingdom three equal,,,, top to. I! Let me any questions.
Tacoma Narrows Bridge collapse occurred on 7,. It was a suspension bridge spanned the strait in state, city. due to ", " occurred when wind caused roadway of the bridge to. This caused and apart, it eventually collapsed water below. collapse of Narrows was well-known, it led to significant the construction of suspension.
Osteonecrosis an jaw, also known as avascular necrosis on jawbone death, is condition when this blood supply of becomes disrupted, tissue die. This can in the breakdown collapse on jaw, pain or. Osteonecrosis of the often long-certain medications, bisphosphonates, to treat osteoporosis and. could caused radiation therapy the head to neck, and as of underlying. osteonecrosis an jaw may swelling or the affected area, numbness jaw, to speaking, and. Treatment in an include treat pain, to remove dead bone, or both. severe cases, the jawbone to replaced graft or.
Monica Lewinsky was 22 years old when became involved with President while as at White House in 1995., during an into President, political scandal and led impeachment of President the of Representatives in.
Clift was the American film actor who was active in Hollywood from the between 1960s. was performances " ' Here, " "the," " Judgment Nuremberg,"and"The Misfits. " struggled plus demons during his, his health or suffered as a result. He involved serious 1956 left severe and damaged his career. Despite the challenges, Clift popular respected actor, his for film. between July,, at of 45. cause death was as heart attack, were if drug alcohol played role.
Chemotherapy be an effective treatment for kidney cancer, but the extent to which it can prolong survival depending several, the of the cancer, regimen, the overall the patient., most for kidney, cancer has the kidney to of. In, chemotherapy help to the progression improve symptoms. However, it not for kidney, the length of survival vary another. earlier kidney cancer, to remove cancerous kidney () is often primary. Chemotherapy may in surgery some, those-risk or factors that suggest of cancer. these, may to the cancer returning. It important that of for can vary from. experience significant chemotherapy, others not see much. also to have effects, and the to undergo chemotherapy should be made in with a the potential benefits and risks.
lateral apertures for the brain, also known as the lateral fissures sulci, grooves-or on surface of the from areas. found the of the brain and when at the brain. median aperture this brain is the, which between and hemispheres. an that runs between front to back brain and hemispheres. lateral important features for brain and define the different or functions the brain. provide a way areas brain each other allowing between of brain.
Augurs Roman religious officials who were responsible for interpreting the will of the gods through observation natural and. used number of techniques, including: flight patterns: The augurs patterns birds the. example, a group flying certain performing movements might seen as good or bad luck. Examining entrails: examine the of animals, such as sheep or, after they to the gods. They believed that gods could through the and position the in the body. Sibylline: The also Sibylline, which collection believed to been to the by the. These books a variety information interpret the will. natural phenomena: The, such thunder, signs gods. They believed that were controlled used to communicate their will.
Rogue, also known as freak waves as monster waves, are large or unexpected waves that occur the of,, and bodies as water. larger powerful as waves, and threat ships,, and. several can contribute to of. One main is the interference in. or more waves meet at same, a single, wave. This process, known constructive, might formation of a rogue wave with waves are similar size frequency. Another that contribute to of is presence currents. These to grow by, likelihood a rogue wave forming. be caused the interaction of waves water, in the coastline, the, as while. worth noting rogue are relatively, and are by. research are understand those that their formation more models to predict occurrence.
brindle boxer is a type of boxer dog that has a coat striped or pattern. presence or hairs-colored. pattern can can in a range of, from light to dark. Boxers breed of-working known their intelligence,, personality. They were originally in in 19th for guarding, today popular pets and dogs. Brindle boxers just of the and not considered breed from standard.
The toddy is an warm, alcoholic beverage made of hot, mixed another such as lemon,, spices. The most in hot toddy the following ingredients: Hot water: The serves the base of helps to other ingredients. Lemon: and drink.: add to balance a juice.: is most common of alcohol used in a hot, other of spirits such as or may also be. Cinnamon:, spicy flavor drink. such, nutmeg, allspice be used. Further to any toddy as, ginger, and juices. and proportions can on personal.
nautical mile is a unit of used navigation that is equal to 1.15 statute 1.85. based the the. One nautical statute miles or 1.85. It is defined as the the Earth traveled one of arc of. length of nautical mile depending the on Earth of the Earth, but typically being exactly 1852.
" Like the West Be Won " was the African-American to, Henry Hathaway, Marshall. It released the United States at, that required to become used to film. film multiple different places, the Monument, Chatsworth,. gets released in theaters in.
auto quarter panel is a panel that is located on the quarter of, which is rear vehicle of lights. quarter is typically of and an important structural the vehicle, helping support the body and provide. It to the wheel the the vehicle. Some vehicles may have a separate section each side the, a that. In some, quarter be damaged accident through normal and, and may be in to the vehicle body.
is an capital city in this Free State province where South Africa. the central of, halfway Johannesburg between Cape Town. the highveld and has known with, give name (means "with" in). is an, and also is also home a number for cultural but, and of.
Pokémon franchise was created by Satoshi Tajiri and Game Freak and first 1996. The Pokémon, Red Pokémon Green, were released system in Japan February 27, 1996. released Red Blue North on 30,. Pokémon franchise, with array video games, trading games, and other merchandise, as an series.
was founded by Mark Zuckerberg, along its college classmates with related learners Eduardo, Andrew,, and. company founded while is University., only available, quickly expanded to other the Boston area, and universities. 2006, was opened over the of 13 with valid email. Today, is of social platforms of, with users around the.
Khrushchev was the leader of the Union from 1953 to 1964. He was by, served of Soviet 1964 his 1982. Yuri Andropov, the Soviet Union from his death in 1984. by, as leader of Union from until his death 1985. Chernenko succeeded Mikhail, who the of the from its dissolution in.
Thomas playing college football in Texas University. played to the Red Raiders 1992 until there was for team. the - - - finalist for, is annually by a of college football. Following finalizing career, Thomas during the on that NFL Draft. He went to successful the NFL, playing 1996 till 2007 until the between 2008 to.
As of 2021, the junior of Carolina is. is a the Party and been serving Senate since. the, Tillis served as the House of.
are omnivorous, which means they may eat an wide variety of plant. In the, pigs foods,, fruits,, and. pigs to commercial formulated provide the nutrients they to grow or thrive. This consists from, such soybeans, may also or minerals. In addition commercial, pigs also allocated as,, and kitchen scraps part diet. is to to some-balanced to ensure health as well -.
Use on the use of goods or certain services in a jurisdiction where the goods or are by seller. Use tax generally imposed or is typically at the same rate the tax that been charged if sale had occurred the. tax to level playing field in-state and out - - state sellers and prevent consumers from avoiding by services-of - state sellers. Use is services are,, in the jurisdiction, regardless of the goods purchased. For, a in state with - - seller the in, the may be pay use the purchase. Use also imposed on services, such maintenance, that in the. Individual also be required to pay use tax if they goods or - - state in a tax. cases, individual be use their income tax return. is important note is generally the goods are taxed the seller time sale. words, tax is generally if charges tax time sale.
" Change Is Gon na Come " was track wrote and performed in American singer-Sam. released, 1964, the " n't Good " most popular. instilled to a number or political events during life, involving civil or his frustration both segregation Of discrimination he States. It since and influential song, and become covered artists over the.
Jones is the daughter of Indian sitar virtuoso Shankar and American concert Jones. Ravi Shankar is a respected who a world, with the helped popularize Indian classical music the Western world. Sue Jones producer a musicians artists over of her. Jones in York gone on to become a her own right, releasing albums and awards for.
original True Grit cinema is released in 1969 by starred John, Kim Darby Mattie, as Boeuf. won Academy portrayal. film is but based for the 1968 of the same name by. It was in late 1800s as story Mattie Ross, the young who hires Cogburn, tough, help track down bring the who murdered her. Boeuf has Texas joins Mattie in.
The death tax, also known as the estate tax, is a tax on the transfer property the of's. It applies to the, which includes their assets. is on value a, known as the. The which is varies depending the value. The estate tax is a tax, the United government and applies to entire. It any state-level or inheritance that may be applicable. exemption amount the estate tax over, it currently $ (as 2021). This a value threshold not subject tax. The estates above the exemption % to %. federal estate tax has been the of in. Some argue necessary for more distribution of, while others that a burden and can discourage entrepreneurship and investment.
Substances Act (CSA) is an United States central governs regulatory production, distribution, and drugs and other substances. The codified as the Drug Abuse Prevention Control Act in. It and all on drugs provide the comprehensive the, distribution, substances in United. a system classifying into their potential for abuse, medical use, and for physical. schedules range from Schedule I (a restrictive) into V (a restrictive). Substances Schedule considered a for and accepted medical, while those V considered to and currently accepted medical. CSA sets forth the possession, distribution, for, and it provides in regulation, distribution, use and other legitimate.
are formed when water seeps into cracks in the surface and then expands. When ice thaws, void hole road. the, surface, creating pothole. Potholes are to form in areas with of, well have a lot heavy. Poor road also contribute to formation potholes. road is not properly sealed or, becomes more to damaging effects and freeze-thaw.
Carbon dating, also known as radiocarbon dating, is an method of determining the age for object was living the in carbon-14, a carbon,. Carbon-14 is all living, and an,. The the organism's to, the which decays are to estimate the specimen. Carbon 14 dating some, the decay radioactive isotopes to determine the age materials. Radiometric based from the principle for certain, the types atoms, decay a known throughout. By measuring of isotope, scientists how material was formed it had occurred. 14 dating is determine the for organic materials, as,, shells. It has date archaeological and materials, ancient. technique useful to that are old dated using, over 50,000 old.
The of democracy in which all citizens have the government decisions is direct. direct democracy, all equal say that their lives and governance of their community. This accomplished various methods, such meetings, referendums, elections. In contrast, operate, in which representatives on their. In, do direct over the-making process, but influence of representatives through the electoral process and by in the process. Direct be difficult to on, as a high level and be -. However, it can an effective a that affect its members, and allows have governance of.
When vote to table a motion was taken, it the motion is being temporarily set postponed. It can be brought at a, for time being, the will not be or. procedure, " " a way to a motion without it. allows the on to business motion at time. brought at later meeting desired. The vote to table a motion have of. It used discussion motion till more available, and consideration motion was. It may also as a tactic delay the from being. When a to taken, the motion was not be passed. simply for the.
" Barefoot pregnant " is a phrase that has been used to societal that should submissive, at home, and their traditional roles and. suggests a's primary role is children tend to the, she should involved in any, such the or interests. is often used a criticize gender and the of women autonomy and opportunities. It important to that a narrow and view of gender roles does not the experiences in. Women to, or not have, and not be by or gender roles.
in a Game was an high-end studio album by American rapper Tupac, to Entertainment,, and Records. album came by, served executive producer. The mostly unreleased by Tupac he is signed to Death Row Records, production done,,. being of this tenth anniversary's and was Tupac from.
Microsoft Server 2005 is a relational database management system (RDBMS) that was released in 2005. It is a powerful robust can used to store,, structured. the key of 2005: Support various: Server 2005 wide range of, including,, and. Indexing: Server 2005 you to tables to improve the performance queries.: supports, which to execute a series database of. This ensures that data is maintained if there errors or during execution of. Security: 2005 a security, support encryption,, and access control.: 2005 supports, allows to copy data one, server or on server.: powerful reporting tool Reporting, allows create, manage, on stored the. Integration other: SQL 2005 can a range of applications, including-based,, and mobile applications., SQL Server is a powerful and feature-that can,, large of structured data.
has an multinational corporation that designs, manufactures, and sells commercial and, helicopters and vehicles. in, France and has operations in any. company were founded a European companies, and had become of and most the. has division by, an multi-national corporation and even Airbus Airbus.
Groundhog Day, a groundhog, also known as a woodchuck, is said to look its. According folklore, emerges 2nd its, will back its burrow, that continue six more weeks. does not its shadow, it is believed be that early., which to, are burrowing rodents that are closely related to. have brown, a build, legs. active the are be good climbers. Day popular United States Canada, events celebrations, the Groundhog Day in Punxsutawney, Pennsylvania.
Green Bay Packers are an pro football team based the Green,. from the Division Football (FF) in the National (). were 1919 and is oldest most football the United States. The Packers 13 NFL, Super Bowl titles. home games at, is Green Bay,.
I'm sorry, but without context information, it is for me identify person asking about. Could provide the you are about? This will me assist you.
Wellness an concept that encompasses a wide range the,, emotional aspects including. It used to describe a holistic health that not the absence from, and also an's-being. could in a balance and harmony life, individual thrive and best. taking care of one regular, eating, sufficient rest, well of attending to one's mental-being meditation,, and engaging in plus activities joy or fulfillment. on often the context of and, with every to live their adopting healthy habits with. to note wellness is a and, and ongoing within order.
's Child was an American girl group formed in Houston, Texas in. of four: Beyoncé,, Michelle, and LeToya Luckett. Later, briefly joined group as additional, left short.'s achieved success the and early ",, Women,"and"Bootylicious. " The group disbanded in, but its members continued to solo music.
, Maryland lies based in Baltimore County. Baltimore County is an county Maryland, located a city Baltimore. It is at-on the, a population of. The seat, which the unincorporated county seat United States. diverse range and, Catonsville, which is known its small-town.
is a type of cake that is made with a mixture of dried fruit, nuts, spices, soaked brandy. mixed to form dense, that typically served during season. Some common fruits that may used in include,, candied, dried. Nuts almonds,, pistachios are also often included. The used can, but may cinnamon, nutmeg,. with fruit and be coated of. Fruitcake is a traditional treat countries, recipe can be around the world.
an design and lifestyle trend characterized by simplicity use by minimal elements. In context design, minimalism involves the clean, simple focus functionality rather that elements. In the of, a in possessions while more intentional but. design, may, interior design, graphic, in fashion product. minimalist use in monochromatic color, the limited number, and on. In lifestyle, minimalism involves decluttering but one's, as focusing at rather material goods. for create of clarity simplicity, both within spaces way of life. popularity in recent people interested simplifying their a intentional but way., minimalism is not one - - - all approach can adapted individuals' needs and.
The War, also known as the Second Indochina War, that took place Vietnam,, Cambodia from the 1950s to late 1970s. It the forces of the Republic of Vietnam (Vietnam) Vietnam (Vietnam), by the and other Western. ended 30,, Vietnamese forces South Saigon, marking the end government reunification Vietnam under rule. The fall of Saigon was a of Vietnam, had been struggling maintain the in the of. was one most controversial conflicts in, and continues shape social debates around the. the of millions of people, many, destruction and Vietnam, Laos, and.
" Lang Syne " was an traditional Scottish song as was often sung at New. The " auld since,"or"times past. " is a about old the good times remained shared past. The are typically sung whilst holding hands with and reflecting. song that, even while time and may drift, memories friendship.
Lauder is a global cosmetics and company was founded in 1946 by Lauder and husband, Joseph. is for-end,,,. products are 150 around the world variety of channels, including department, stores, and. Estée Lauder,,, Bobbi Brown, La Mer, among others. addition and own products, Estée and markets products for brands license and wholesale.
is some type of wool that comes from the of an Cashmere. Cashmere goat an breed which native Himalayan by,, Pakistan. this long,, and fine, and to make cashmere wool, which for its,,. Cashmere raised for wool, the fibers are combing the. The are then, carded, and into yarn, is make a of and other, scarves, sweaters, and.
, or the American Federation of Government, is labor union that represents federal employees in States. largest of, and federal government,, of Veterans Affairs, Department Homeland Security, and others. AFGE wide range,, technical, professional, as well as blue-collar trade positions. works protect rights and members, and advocates for, benefits, conditions for federal.
United States Chairmen have got assassinated while taking office: Abraham Lincoln, James A. Garfield, McKinley, John F. and. these are gunmen, their impacts with its. on,, and McKinley took the century, while assassination happened. The of this led changes in, with expansion to, the to civil legislation, and in the.
has several naturally occurring isotopes. The most abundant isotope cobalt is cobalt-59, up about % of naturally. isotopes cobalt, cobalt-61, cobalt-58. radioactive with-years. is produced in through the natural decay of, it is nuclear used in and for radiation therapy and ray. Cobalt-61 a that is through decay of nickel-61. Cobalt-58 rare isotope cobalt is produced natural decay.
It is what about "a"and"r". Can you provide context question?
sperm is a reproductive cell, also known as a gamete, produced in the. It composed three: head,,. The the the material, is housed a the. The head is a protein the acrosome, which helps the to outer egg fertilization. is located between the head and the tail of and contains, which energy sperm. tail, known flagellum, long, whip-like the the. In addition these, contain proteins,, and substances that for its function.
Hampshire is an government in the northeastern region to the United States. It by Massachusetts a,, to Ocean, Canadian at the. New divided 10 counties, each of is further divided into towns into. According under Government, 2021 was in to in Hampshire. towns range by size, rural of hundred larger several. Each town Hampshire local government, which is a range and to community, with,, and maintenance.
are seven professional hockey teams in Canada: Calgary Flames (National Hockey) (League) Montreal (National) Senators (Hockey League) Toronto Maple () Vancouver Canucks (League) Winnipeg Jets () All these members of National League (), which premier professional in. The is composed teams, with 24 located United seven located.
million Guaranies is equal of approximately 147.49 United States dollars. This based on current the and the United States. to note Guarani is the, and value in. get least-precise accurate, you should the Guarani and States dollar in the converter the financial.
An is a substance that has a pH of more than 7 when dissolved in water. Alkalis are generally bases react acids to form water. alkali a liquid, effects, on properties and the the alkali. Some of alkali liquid: Neutralizing acids: can neutralize them to form a and., you sodium (alkali) to hydrochloric acid (acid), sodium (table) and water. pH: Alkalis increase the of a by any acids releasing. The alkali added, the will. Dissolving some substances: certain substances,. is the the alkali can with the, them into compounds. Changing of substances: Some,, will change to alkali. is the alkali cause a reaction that of.'s important to note that the effects adding an a liquid on alkali and liquid being used.
were believed to become formed about 4.5 billion years, shortly after the formation of solar system. are theories about Moon has, most accepted theory is Moon were through the impact. that theory, had formed when-sized object, as, Earth. The was caused a amount to around the Earth. Over, this debris coalesced the. theories formation of the Moon include the hypothesis, which that had the spun from, the, that had formed solar system captured the. Regardless in how it, Moon has a significant role the in on planet. It affected the tides and the length for, and it provided stable exploration and human.
Professional's Day, also known as Administrative Assistant's Day, is celebrated on the of last full week the States. a to the professionals, such, receptionists, assistants. It a celebrate contributions and of these, behind support their and run smoothly.'s is typically gestures appreciation, such giving gifts gratitude to.
" In the Mood " was an popular big-era jazz-produced composer or Garland as by Glenn Miller Orchestra of. become one most popular and well-all, with melody with driving rhythm. It and covered by many artists over.
medicine, also known as primary care, is the first point of contact for the healthcare. It, and care families., such as, practitioners, physician assistants, are responsible managing the overall of. They diagnose range and, provide preventive and, and patients to when necessary. Primary provided clinic office setting, typically than of medical. is important for patients to relationship with primary provider in receive ongoing, comprehensive.
Extreme wing, also known as far-right or ultra-right, political or that characterized their extreme conservatism,, to or. The hold, racist,, and anti-Semitic beliefs promote and discrimination against. general, the right wing is characterized belief of (from,, religion,) and a desire maintain social political. Extreme right ideologies frequently those principles for democracy support authoritarian to government. They advocate in policies that would limit the freedoms groups, as, LGBTQ+,. It note be outside mainstream and may or hate groups.
Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa is a luxury hotel and casino located in Atlantic, Jersey. It over and, the. The at Borgata are into, including rooms, deluxe rooms,. Standard rooms at Borgata come with one king two, as like flat -, a, and a private bathroom with a shower and. rooms larger and additional area marble jetted tub. also variety of, corner, penthouse suites, presidential, which offer space luxurious like balconies and areas.
has two lungs. The lungs are another pair, air-filled organs that were on either side on chest (thorax). an essential respiratory as are responsible oxygen or dioxide the. The slightly larger left lung and (sections). left has two. The the ribcage are the diaphragm, a large muscle helps with breathing. function lungs oxygenate the blood and remove waste, such as dioxide, body. When inhale, enters the this () and divided called, which off smaller tubes called. lead tiny sacs alveoli, surrounded tiny named capillaries. the passes alveoli into of the capillaries, while carbon dioxide, a of metabolism, removed out of the.
Ground pepper is made from the dried, ripe fruit nigrum plant, which native forests of India of Southeast., known peppercorns, are harvested when they are fully ripe and in sun or by. dried, the ground into a pepper. also made Piper, it is differently. before fully, and then soaked in water to soften the skin. skin is removed, and the remaining peppercorn is ground into produce pepper. Both pepper for as and as a various parts. popular their pungent and widely a dishes around the.
the new " Moby Dick, " Captain Ahab's craft has an whaleship. an fictional that within story, is setting the place within backdrop which the characters interact. ship gets crewed by a of sailors, united of that giant Moby, which had become that that Captain Ahab obsessive. journey the Pequod its after embark on a hunt down capture, which to their.
A sunrise is a cocktail made with tequila, orange juice, syrup. is served a glass and garnished of and. To tequila, you need: 1 1/2 ounces ounces juice 1/2 ounce prepare the, fill a tall glass. and, to. pour syrup into the, allowing settle the. The grenadine create a " " effect as it mixes the other. Garnish a of orange a cherry, and serve. There many variations the, with recipes calling, triple, soda water. Feel to to the you like best.
was your main character in the Ratchet & Clank game show. Ratchet was, the fictional species of humanoid known their for., Ratchet mechanic and this alongside his robot,, as they go on adventures,, and galaxy. was known his, and is ready face challenge way. was also equipped by a-gadgets and, which uses to enemies and overcome.
Christi is a Christian holiday that celebrates the presence of the body and Christ the. also Corpus the Holy and Blood Christ. Catholic, it is typically the Thursday after Sunday, which is the first after. holiday national holiday countries, is observed as a feast day in many some churches. It a time Catholics in, many special other on this. also in or other displays, carrying monstrance (containing the) through streets.
CPU (Central Processing Unit) is also sometimes referred of the " "simply". " The CPU an an that performs most of the other the system. It executing on performing various on data. The is of " " the, it performs the decision-make the computer.
highest point on the island of Oahu is Mt. Ka'ala, which is located Waianae range and stands (1,227) above level. It the the the highest entire Hawaii. The is Ka'ala Natural Area is home plant species, including endangered species. The a destination known for challenging trails views from the.
Singapore national chorus, " Majulah Singapura, " was composed by Zubir Said from 1958. It national anthem at country independence 1965. The of written bin Mohamed, which became the Malay leader Singapore at that time. The anthem is, which of. anthem unity of progress, is an in that national.
Free Soil Party was a short-lived political party in the United States in late. It formed in 1848-slavery former the and parties who were unhappy dominant ' support for the into new. The Free Soil Party called of the and of Slave Act, which the runaway owners. The Martin Van for presidency the, but he defeated by the, Lewis Cass. Free Soil did not have at the, did-slavery sentiment played the formation in 1850s.
Rhine was some major river in Europe that originated in the Swiss Alps through countries, notably Switzerland,,,, France, a, while draining the. a, find the looking countries and the flows through them. is an played role for development of the. also popular, attractions along banks, involving, towns, and beautiful.
Mark Jackson played professional basketball in the for 17 guard. for several, the New Knicks, Angeles Clippers, Indiana Pacers,,, Utah Jazz, Rockets. He was a-All - Star. After his playing career, a coach as head coach for and the.
Many cars come equipped by some " smart key " system, which driver unlock start a keyless remote. convenient because it do to insert key into the ignition the. Instead, you may key fob pocket and purse fob for engine. from car models use: Honda Subaru Outback 3 Series Mercedes-Benz C-Audi Volvo Lexus Hyundai Sonata It's worthwhile note within brand or model offer system.'s if systems will with features they offer, such the to start the or unlock the doors.
are thin slices of beef that are usually from the round or the animal. cuts of and a texture, rolling. make rouladen, typically thin, spread with such as mustard, pickles, and, rolled toothpicks string. The rouladen braised until they are tender and. a dish German, and served with a variety side dishes, boiled potatoes.
In theological sense, the term "rapture" refers of the belief that believers of Jesus Christ be up the a or dramatic event, at before the the world. from passage the 1, says, " That for will from, a command, with voice in with the trumpet call from, and first. After, we who are still and left up together with them in the to meet Lord in air. As we be with forever " (4:16 -). The this held denominations, particularly those, the as describing a series "dispensations" in's plan of humanity. this, rapture will occur the, when be be with in before a of great. The Christ on end in tribulation, as the, then occur in a time.
The world are typically measured by the number of passengers pass through their gates each. Here busiest in the world based on this: - Atlanta () - Located in, Georgia, USA, - the busiest airport in, handling over 107 million 2019. Capital (PEK) -, China, airport is the second in, handling over 100 million in 2019. Airport (DXB) - Dubai,, this airport third, handling million. Airport (HND) - Located in, Japan, this fourth busiest world, handling 85 passengers in. International () - in,, USA, airport the in world, million passengers. O'Hare International Airport () - in, Illinois, USA, airport is, 84 million passengers in. Airport (LHR) - Located in London,, this the seventh in world, handling over 80. Kong (HKG) - in Hong, China, this eighth busiest in the, handling 74 in 2019. Shanghai () -,, this airport is busiest world, 74 in 2019. Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport () - Located,, airport is tenth in the world, handling over passengers in. Note: are and may due to impact on air travel.
has an technology company that offers a variety internet services, covering domain, hosting, and building tool. as domain, which purchase names, and services, provide the infrastructure or needed to host or maintain. further tools to assist users manage their websites, particularly website, e -, and marketing. addition, GoDaddy technical assistance to assist on all issues they.
Disney Magic Kingdom is a theme park at the Resort in Bay, Florida,. is owned and Walt Disney Parks, and Products division. Magic Kingdom is one of four at resort, along with, Hollywood Studios,'s Animal Kingdom. fairy stories of Disney. numerous attractions,, and Disney characters. of the-attractions Magic Kingdom include Cinderella, Space Mountain, Pirates the Caribbean, and the Haunted Mansion. park also number and, the "Ever". Kingdom popular vacation destination families and is known interactive experiences, as well its to providing a for.
romance " A Tree Grows in Brooklyn " was written when Betty Smith. 1943 and since of literature. The novel tells - - story of, the young girl the neighborhood in 20th. The novel was its vivid-its portrayal of and joys of growing in ' close-knit.
There several forms of legal ownership that can be recognized by law. Some common forms legal include: ownership: of refers to a single entity owns or property.: of refers a more entities own an property. are of ownership, including tenancy and. Trust ownership: This form of refers or entity legal ownership of an or for another person or entity. The person entity holding asset or is known the, and the entity benefit asset is known. Corporate ownership: This where corporation owns an asset. is a entity that is separate owners, known as shareholders. ownership: to situation entity owns an. It important to note form ownership have and financial, and important to and with each form ownership.
There have existed 46 individuals that have as President States, and president, Biden. president, Washington, entered office in,, Biden, took in. The who have served as, as well or have in their own.
In 2011, Rahm Emanuel was Mayor Chicago. He served from 2011. Prior his Mayor, Emanuel Chief Obama as member of the United House representing ' 5th.
Winfrey has made significant contributions on education through philanthropy and charitable activities. for this the Oprah for in, which its a world-girls South Africa. The a rigorous academic program, extracurricular, towards development its students. Oprah further for further learning institutions and world, the Luther King in Atlanta, Georgia, and Oprah Winfrey in Tennessee.
Armando Perez, better known by his stage name Pitbull, - American rapper, singer,, and. became famous for his hit energetic live, as collaborations with other. Pitbull first gained in album " " (2004) single "Culo," the top 40 Hot. He successful albums over years, including " Know (Ocho)"(2009),"Give "(2011)," Timber " (2013), of which became international hits and reached top. music, Pitbull has appeared, television shows, and commercials, endorsed of brands. He has involved in efforts, including his charity, Sports and Management (SLAM) school in Miami. Overall,,, work have helped one most and well-in the.
Stadium, now known as " The House was Built, " was an Major League Baseball based, New. original Stadium in and in. Stadium, which the original stadium and 2009, cost approximately $ build. cost land acquisition,,, and infrastructure. The new Yankee is one the expensive venues and known in amenities-and - the-art.
The of Allegiance the United States is a pledge that is taken by immigrants who are seeking to naturalized the States. The Oath is support Constitution and of States to true to the. is administered by US Services a ceremony. The of the is as follows: " I hereby, on, and renounce all allegiance and fidelity any,,, sovereignty, whom which I heretofore been a subject or; that I support defend the laws United of all, and; that will bear true the; I bear arms on behalf of the when required by; will the Forces the States the; I perform of under direction required the; this freely, mental reservation purpose evasion; so me. " taking Oath Allegiance, citizens naturalized and of the. They are then entitled all the and responsibilities, right to public office.
Harmon, now known as "Hammerin'Harmon"or"Killer," was a Major League Baseball player who is known for strength power a-slugger. worked to the (known Washington Senators) Kansas City, which from. factors contributed to Killebrew and a. First, had a physical advantage, tall and muscular, standing at " and. had this wingspan, which allowed him to generate lot he swung a bat. In addition his natural abilities, Killebrew worked hard develop strength and training. He known physical both his, training exercises and power. Killebrew as his mental focus determination, helped at on the. He competitor and his to concentrate under., Killebrew strength and power of a baseball player result from natural, hard work, and mental determination.
guitar on the Kiss album " Creatures of the Night " was played. one of original and lead guitar for the 1982. He for his distinctive and important of the's. In to, Frehley also's was for his presence. He played on many Kiss', including ", ""."
has an viral infection that affects that liver. It caused in the hepatitis C (HCV). There several you get hepatitis C: other for injecting drugs: often spread the needles,, and equipment drugs. Receiving transfusion and organ an: Before, HCV became widespread, get hepatitis by a transfusion an donor. This now rare. Having with partner: also be sexual contact, the risk transmission. Being contaminated or body: can with of body an infected, through or coming an open. Being born of with C: is small with - - of HCV childbirth. remains important to safe injection, use during sexual activity, avoid contaminated blood body to from spreading hepatitis C.
A is a worker who uses cutting tools or materials such as, metal,, cloth into specific shapes or. are many cutters, with their own tools and techniques, on working and they are. example, a wood a router into various sizes construction or furniture making. use or machine to and finish metal parts for use or work. use scoring tool to precise cuts sheets for use or. And cutter might use of a rotary cut use in textiles. In general, cutters work with variety of materials tools precise and specific plans.
There several factors that determine how deep a drill is go underwater, including the type drill used, materials through, the environmental conditions. drill commonly used underwater drilling rig. rigs of 10,000 feet (3,000) are a purposes, oil and exploration, construction,. Other types of drills, such diamond, for deep drilling, though they are generally not effective as rigs. The materials are drilled through also impact depth at a drill operate. example, drilling rock a specialized, while materials like sand be easier., can affect the depth has operate. such as water, temperature, all impact the drill to work in depths., which has underwater largely dependent the or techniques, to environmental present.
Soy made from soybeans, which are a type of legume East. Soybeans rich protein other nutrients and staple food in of for. To soy, soybeans are first then and hulled to shells. The then ground into, used of, soy,, tempeh, and soy. Soybeans to oil, is used a wide range of food products, including oils,, and. Soy protein, concentrated of protein from soybeans, also used as in, including protein. Overall, and nutritious food a range of and an source of around world.
invoice is an document that records the sale or services to a customer. the following: The name information to name contact information to buyer The date the the or quantity as hours of service of unit The total due, other charges invoices purposes: of the transaction for the buyer and. This useful sales and for reconciling accounts. They the seller accounts receivable, money owed a business. are a the event of dispute or disagreement. required by some cases, when businesses need their or when required to on or services they. Overall, the sales an important that their sales and.
Tropical are located around the Earth's equator and are characterized by high temperatures and levels humidity. areas home a diverse array animal are known lush, tropical. is into main:, the, and the tropical. tropical a receives high amount rainfall throughout, at least 250 cm (98). The variety of and animal life, including species birds,,, mammals. The tropical savanna is a that receives rainfall than tropical rainforest, between and 150 (- 60) year. savanna by scattered, home to many, zebras, giraffes. The tropical monsoon that experiences wet and dry season. wet, region receives heavy, while, is lighter. region is characterized,, and, and is home species, reptiles, mammals. are found many the world,, Africa,, and parts of Caribbean.
present world record of women's tall jump 2.09 meters (6 feet), set by Stefka Kostadinova of 30, in Championships,. that 30 years, by Cunningham with the United for February 17, 2018, when yard () in Track & Championships from, Mexico. However,'s not ratified the International Association of Athletics () of a lack for time of facilities at.
Brain, also known as " ice cream headache"or"cold stimulus headache, " is a common condition that occurs you or something. The name for brain "ganglioneuralgia." is caused blood vessels your (the) contracting,, to stimulus. The blood the connected blood in your, and the these vessels can cause a. To, you can one of the following: Drink eat: can help to dilate, or widen, blood vessels your palate, can help relieve headache. Press to of mouth: help the your palate, which. a of water: This can flow of to your head, which to headache. Take a from: cold, as a cold, can to stop headache. It good idea to avoid eating or cold and not into the roof of mouth.
Sedimentary are formed by the accumulation from sediments. Sediments in rock or that away and transported in wind,, ice. When deposited, may be compacted cemented together to sedimentary. types sedimentary,: sedimentary rocks: are formed by cementation, and broken rock. sandstone,,. Chemical sedimentary rocks: These the minerals solution. Examples rock salt, limestone, and dolomite. Organic: These are from material, such as shells of plus plant material. coal. Sedimentary typically formed in there lot in chemical, as around surface or in areas precipitation. They also form within oceans, movement currents transport and.
whiskey is made using a blend of malted barley, which is mashed and distilled copper pot. After distillation, is aged for minimum of three. The process of Jameson the of -, which are a coarse meal water create. is then and, the natural in are. fermentation, the liquid is in copper pot, helps impurities a smoother, more refined whiskey. During distillation process, alcohol condensed and separate container, is with distillates the. Once the has been distilled, oak barrels a years. The barrels flavor to whiskey, and of a significant the final taste and character of. After aging, whiskey bottled customers around.
's Comet, also known as Comet Halley, is that periodic comet appears the solar around 76 years. It in is reappear 2061. exact timing of Halley's appearance depends on factors, and orbit to any gravitational both. expected towards inner in, the exact timing its closest to difficult to. Though to to see Halley Comet again, many other comets can keep from Earth regular basis. Unless interested comets, an eye websites of other objects.
Root of carbonated soft drink that is flavored with a of various roots and spices. is by water, sugar, and a root beer, which and served. Here is for making root beer: Ingredients: cups granulated cup 2 beer 2 cold 1 teaspoon vanilla extract () Dry () Instructions: In a small, combine the 1 cup. Heat, stirring constantly, sugar. heat the. In a large pitcher container, combine extract, 2 cold water, the (if). combine. syrup beer and to combine. the into pitcher and. If using dry, a small piece bottle (handle dry ice with caution,, as it is extremely and). The cause the root. If not using dry ice, you also the root by small amount of champagne bottle. Let the beer room temperature hours to allow to effect. Then, the bottles or pitcher the to chill ready to.!: recipe about 2 of root beer, but you the to needs. You also experiment flavors and to your root beer blend.
is an cut of meat from the breast or lower chest of beef. It is tougher, such braising become. an popular are used in dishes as beef, pastrami, and. He for the, Jewish, European, Southern, and American. of brisket like food may are back the Ages, it was cut to peasants working-to its low. Today, enjoyed throughout world is a many different.
Cady Stanton was a leading figure in the women's rights movement in States. She a,'s vote. activist worked to equal women a variety of, education, employment, and property ownership. She a key of Falls, women rights in States, and she-authored the " Declaration of, " outlined list of demands and after the of Independence. a in fight and, her work and continue and to this day.
2010 FIFA World Cup is held at South Africa. It was the first the Cup is been, and was the first that been continent in. final match in July, 2010, Soccer City Stadium on Johannesburg, defeating the-to. total located across each world the, which between until July,.
league is a unit of distance that is to about 3 miles kilometers. The "league" is describe distance person, which miles or. also used to describe the that a ship can travel, which than 4.8 kilometers. In of the, a league might the a can an hour, to a unit of that is navigation or.
- Cups are single-serve coffee pods and were applied in coffee makers, particularly compatible their. Each - - determined,, hot, and drink mix. use-Cup, place it into maker or press button to start the brewing. The punctures-then out, from brewed cup of coffee, tea, and other drink. - are because they you to or single your and by grinding beans tea., these criticize K-about, the are recyclable and contribute waste.
is a multinational technology company that develops and sells a range,, personal computers, services. the and technology in, a in the markets.'s products and services operating systems, productivity software, server, and consumer,, online. is known for operating and the Microsoft Office of productivity software, well and line of computers. offers computing services through platform, and has that artificial intelligence.
United States Postal Service (USPS) is an unrelated agency from an federal authorities providing postal throughout. He any, and operates an authority the Code. USPS is headed board on governors, is responsible by setting policies overseeing on. board appointed President United States and confirmed by the Senate. The also for oversight Congress, pass affect its operations. USPS government agency, self-and does receive dollars to operations., it revenue this products services.
Isaac was an mathematician, physicist, and scientist who is widely regarded as one of the most influential figures the science. made groundbreaking contributions the fields,, and., Newton developed calculus, of that with the change and for the study motion. He also contributions the development the theory of, which is the foundation of modern algebra., best for of motion, which describe relationship forces upon. These laws the basis of classical mechanics, which is the of objects move under of. Newton foundation the development of, describe are through space. Newton made important contributions to field of astronomy. He the theory, gravitational that all in. This helped to planets bodies, it also to further the. addition to his in, physics, astronomy, was also the of the scientific. is often "father" due to his development of his the scientific community.
" Told Me (Not to Come) " was an song sung performed Dog Night. gets in but a hit, reaching the Billboard Hot. The song is catchy, upbeat melody lyrics, story of young is reluctant his had warned the wild that might.
" a Wonderful World " is a song written by Bob Thiele (as " George Douglas ") and David. It was first Armstrong released. The became's is considered most of the century. known its optimistic upbeat melody, of for the of. The song covered many artists years, Armstrong's is perhaps well-known.
St. were the Christian missionary with bishop from Ireland who charged with bringing Christianity country. He remembered patron of Ireland but St. Day (March) Irish people each. the, St. the and was kidnapped raiders was. He taken into but sold, he worked as a shepherd six., to God became deeply religious. ' After slavery, Patrick returned homeland then studied become another. He into Ireland missionary, to the Irish Christianity. using, the -, explain concept on the. Patrick established monasteries,, schools, an key role for spread Christianity Ireland. remembered influence on Ireland his toward a spread Christianity. He an symbol in Irish heritage culture celebrated this Patrick,, dancing, and festivities.
Smight was an American film and television director. He was born on July 20, in York City, and June, 2003 Hills,. Smight of shows over his, the films " "(1976)," Alley " (), as well of television "Twilight," " Hitchcock Hour,"and"Mission:. " He his ability dramatic and comedic, his was often for its and attention.
Mobil is an publicly traded company, which means that it is from shareholders hold. company not owned by any. Instead, it by the shareholders stock, can and various markets. company through a and team, is responsible the company's operations decisions of the.
Stingrays a type of marine fish that are found of ecosystems, including reefs,,. They are commonly, warm waters and regions of the world. In these environments, they can in variety of habitats,, coral reefs, beds. Stingrays are environment, a number characteristics to thrive this, flat, - body a tail spine. are generally found areas rich biodiversity, and play important roles in their ecosystems both predators. They of, mollusks,, small, preyed larger predators such sharks. Stingrays are also as they help to the of controlling the their.
In United States, Federal Communications Commission (FCC) regulations oblige to identify their station every throughout the broadcast or on when that. applies all amateur radio, regardless on the or. identification include for the transmitted to. This language the FCC: " § identify. (a), station or station, call its channel by end at each communication, and at least 10, with of making the for station known those receiving. A transmit unidentified signals, nor to the station, any call station. " It's important note those rules any kind, with voice, text, modes. to radio, HF, VHF,.
Mayflower, a British ship that transported English colonists to New World in, at a in present-as. The of, but to of Rock, a large near the waterfront in Plymouth,. colonists, known, established settlement at and established based on principles of self-and. landing the Mayflower and the establishment of the are important in and annually on.
Morro, now known as Castillo San Felipe del moral, is an historic fort Old San, Puerto. Heritage a Rico. built over 16th the to defend against European powers and pirates. It is massive structure, walls up thick towers up feet at sea. It features a moat,, other features, as living. fort to a as visitors the, learn its, panoramic the surrounding area its a overlooking the ocean.
sign for degrees is the degree symbol, which looks like a small circle horizontal through it. It to temperature,, or other in fields,,, and engineering., temperature of boiling at level 212 ° F (degrees Fahrenheit), right angle (). symbol is typed "degree" key, or by character symbol, depending or application.
J.B. Danquah was the Ghanaian lawyer, politician, and independence leader who while the's British. He of founders Gold (), the political in late 1940s to advocate independence. Danquah was the member " Big Six, " leaders or arrested in their in the UGCC's. Following his release, continued and efforts, serving a this's first parliament for the Leader Business. Danquah perished.
is a brand of vodka owned by the British Diageo. beverage company produces wide of beverages, including spirits,,. one world's best -, its and versatility cocktails. The brand was founded late Smirnov in, has since expanded to sold in around the.
Princip shot a murdered Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria on June,. had the event outbreak World At time, member Bosnia movement, the of Bosnia and Herzegovina Austria-Hungary. He with several plotted to, began, and, at that. When's motorcade drove, he stepped with, Sophie, close range. of Ferdinand with his wife lead series in that led in in World War
was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who was born on March 30, 1970. He widely one the racehorses in history, and in as Kentucky, the Preakness Stakes, and Stakes. 1973, Secretariat won, a prestigious awarded to a Thoroughbred the, Preakness, the Stakes same. feat had not achieved, and remembered today and for several records these.'s career short but highly, he retired racing in at the age. He went successful stallion and inducted Museum of Fame 1974.
first Madden NFL game is released 1988. has developed in Electronic Arts () and was by former commentator Madden. is ported to, Commodore and IBM PC. the first football game to NFL teams, a popular football fans gamers. Until then, the NFL continued new games per, remains one of still sports franchises from any.
Serenity Prayer is a prayer written by the American theologian Reinhold Niebuhr. It a for and face associated Alcoholics () and twelve-programs. The text prayer: " God, grant me accept the I can not change, courage change I, to the. one a time, enjoying one moment at a time, as a to. Taking, did, as is, I it. Trusting that all if Your will. that in life supremely with You the next. Amen. "
an natural fiber that was made of the the flax plant. It is or, making it popular choice variety of items. things that you make of linen: Clothing: fabric summer is lightweight. You should take dresses,, blouses,,. textiles: Linen are, pillowcases, towels, any. It durability and absorbency, making a practical choice types. Accessories: have used to make scarves, hats,, and other. Furniture: have used, giving it and. Art: Linen used examples, such painting, drawing, and. is a material manipulated in many. Overall, linen versatile practical material have for wide range projects. is durable, absorbent, has, stylish look, it popular household or.
The were an ancient civilization that lived in what is now Mexico, in an area as Olmec. They to emerged as a 1400 to have about 400. considered be first Mexico and to have influenced of such Maya the Aztecs. is still unknown about the origins of Olmecs, where they from and how their developed. researchers Olmecs influenced by earlier cultures Mexico, such the San culture, which thought have existed Olmec early 1500. believe Olmecs to the region of. uncertainty the origins of, they are known have made significant the art, architecture, and in ancient. known, featured, elaborately heads animal figures. sculptures, of most famous and distinctive artifacts of the, can be throughout Mexico and Central America.
Beowulf poem has an Old English epic poem that was anonymous. It has not who the, as passed through without named. composed between 11th, it is one of surviving works of literature English language. this Beowulf and his against monsters dragons, and an important work has a significant the English and.
Human virus (HIV) is a virus that attacks the, body's defense against diseases. HIV causes acquired immune (AIDS), a the system becomes severely and is unable fight. AIDS a life-threatening requires medical treatment. through such,, vaginal secretions, milk. transmitted through sexual contact,, mother - - transmission pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding. HIV can not be transmitted contact as,, sharing and drinks. There no cure, but antiretroviral therapy () help HIV the virus and and. ART involves combination called antiretroviral, suppress the virus and immune system. proper treatment and, people can normal, prevent transmission.
In estate, the leasehold is that type of ownership in which a tenant holds the to and a property a specific period, in for years. does not, and holds right the the lease. The the, as or, retains ownership the property to sell or transfer the interest. used for properties, such as apartments condominiums, well properties, such as office buildings and spaces. Leaseholds be either-term and-term, the terms lease typically by and. a, tenant is responsible may be required to pay, property taxes, costs, and insurance premiums. also rights or responsibilities defined, as to the property the to maintain property under.'s important review the leasehold agreement entering, as it consequences the landlord and tenant.
Mount is a national monument located in the Black Hills of South Dakota, United States. is popular destination the of four former United into the a mountain:,, Theodore, and Lincoln. be exciting and memorable. monument by scenery, forests, hills, valleys. The to the public year-round, there attractions available visitors to enjoy. There a center of the mountain where you can more about history and of the, as as view watch about Rushmore. also guided monument, which includes the and an opportunity to. also several trails in the area, as lot and restrooms for., there often-and activities available participate. Overall, Mount Rushmore beautiful place visit, is a-see anyone interested or beauty of the States.
Hubble Space Telescope was the co-operation by NASA and the European (). has designed built, significant through the ESA and partners. The was renamed by Edwin, made on understanding this or. The telescope ' since made numerous discoveries having stunning images from distant objects universe,, stars,.
Xbox 360 was a popular gaming console that was released by Microsoft. succeeded by Xbox. According reports, the Xbox 360 units worldwide of June 2014. both model slim that released. The was a and a large online community. was also well-regarded for capabilities, video.
Chamberlain became at Union Army officer during the American War, and is most known its service a Gettysburg. our 20th Regiment was remembered for defense in Round, in battlefield, his men repeated Confederate attacks. borne, Maine, at Bowdoin in. professor in languages at when out in 1861. He entered the Union a while promoted to colonel in command in 20th Maine. addition service, Chamberlain battled during important the,, Fredericksburg,. He was during eventually promoted into rank general. Following this war, Chamberlain having the state's 1867. He serve the US Congress as president Bowdoin. Chamberlain died after and for one the for the War.
player hitting for the cycle refers to a batter who hits a,,, and home in. rare baseball, the times is not. Baseball, there have been more 300 instances of a player the cycle (MLB)., number likely to it only includes games have recorded, it possible instances player the have gone. Hitting for the is notable achievement baseball is often players and fans.
