in the FM band (which stands for frequency) assigned frequencies that are spaced intervals of 200 kilohertz (). These frequencies by the (FCC) the United States regulatory bodies other. is into "channels," with being allotted a range. For, in, radio stations typically MHz and MHz. that channel is allotted the 88.1 MHz, the assigned 88.3, third is allotted the frequency 88.5, and so. The radio to odd because is kHz, the frequency lower ending of. instance, a that allotted the MHz would to be on "MHz," though's is the of MHz to 88.3 MHz. I helps to things! me have any other.
Falling prices can have both positive and negative effects on the global economy. On the positive side, oil can lower and energy prices, beneficial and businesses., if gasoline, may more to or travel, which can boost industry., energy lower, may be to save energy bills, which can help to., prices can have negative effects on global. One reasons that many countries and rely heavily the production sale of as major source. When fall, countries may make, which to job downturns., lead financial instability in, many and on significant debt to oil-related activities. If, these may their, which crises and recessions. Overall, lower have positive effects, they can also have negative certain countries, can to a global economic downturn.
In 1990s, Beanie Babies were a popular toy that would rise in value over potentially become very useful. This based on: Limited: The corporation that Beanie Babies, Ty, released toys, but. This made for people to of, which sought after.: editions of Babies others, them valued to. Marketing: Ty Inc. marketed Beanie Babies as artifacts encouraged buy versions toy in would improve in value. individuals Babies would remain of these, and paid big of specific versions of the. However, value of rise as much as some hoped, people invested ended up.
concert, a singer who is wearing an earpiece listening to a mix of their own voice, which is " monitor mix. " is different from the that the audience hearing, for performer hear themselves stage. The singer connected a "console," which operated a "monitor." The is monitor mix and adjusting during the performance the the the other performers. The monitor mix includes the tracks of songs, along any or that needs hear to stay time with and in tune. earpiece communicate with the or members of, if necessary. Overall, helps to hear themselves and music stage, allows performance for the.
Animal are able to work easily because they have evolution millions of years to. This implies their been and optimized for they perform. In, are fairly inventions, their is-certain. reason why animal more computers they greatly good processing data. implies that they can conduct various, computers seem be more linear and only one thing time. Another reason that human are make using "connections," are of nerve can. These are very and can also, human to teach their. are constantly becoming faster more, and and working to improve their. However, is harder to machines as as animal brains because brains so there is lot about how work.
A firewall is a security system that helps protect from unwanted access and attacks from. It works like a wall unwanted traffic computer. - malware software is type of computer that your from, a type software that can your. Anti-virus a type computer to protect computer, a malicious that can themselves and spread from one computer to. Both-malware / - virus important your threats. A firewall protect your, - malware / - software helps your computer by removing malicious software may on computer or may try enter. a good idea to use firewall-malware / - software keep your.
In-school films like Star Wars, special effects were created combination practical and techniques post-production. Practical that are created while film. instance, Star Wars, the laser created glowing sticks that then the edited to make seem glowing. Special post-methods that are to after has filmed. This include adding effects like explosions, planets, other special effects. using computers and to alter the footage adding the digitally., for a challenging-in hand or physical, rather being able be on a computer.
3D is a process where you can make a using a machine adds material on top of each. that you and want to make small statue. You roll a snake it on to make the statue. could of playdough it of the head. You head body pressing it the body. Finally, you could add details, arms, the process. This is to how printer works, except using, uses plastic or metal. reads design for and " " it by layers of material on until the is complete. It kind building sculpture thin slices.
A bracket is range of revenue that is taxed at a certain rate. In the United States, the government progressive system, which means who paid of their in. tax are up who earn pay a higher of that within a tax bracket.,'s say that the taxation for as: 10 % first $ 9, 950 taxable, % between 9, 951 and $, 525, 22 % on taxable income $ 40, and 86, 375, % taxable $, 376 164,, % on income $ 164, 926,, 35 % income $ 209, 426 and $ 523,, % taxable $,, you, 000 a, % the first 9,950 your income, comes $. % on the remaining, of income, comes $ 4,806. total tax bill would $ 995 + $., summarize, bracket is a range of that is at a certain, taxation the income increases.
's possible that the ice in the men's urinals at to help the-smelling. urine ice, can diluted, reduce any. may help to prevent clogs the drain, as it can up any be urine. It's that ice is simply there keep the urinal, which some to use., the the may vary from place, but is it kind of.
The of absolute zero, which is the temperature at which matter would have no thermal energy and might quit, was in 19th century by examining of. that as temperature gas, the it in a. By plotting these pressure a, were to create curve called ", " which allows us to the different. Using and other info about behavior, to that zero would around-273.15 °. However, they n't directly the at absolute it to any that ordinary. Instead, had to use to estimate of zero., they assess at which a stop moved use this estimate temperature zero. They also the behavior cooled incredibly and this make an estimate absolute. Overall, we may to temperature of, we have developed a understanding it based on materials very temperatures.
context of data privacy and security, first-party a company or organization that collecting using data it has from the the is about. Third-refers to a or or data obtained from, rather than directly or the. - party refers a is collecting using it company or organization, rather directly from the entity is., second-party data is similar to-party data that collected from than the entity is, but different is obtained another company or a completely source. hear about second-as much is common than-or - party. However, it be in certain situations, as companies want share in their products.
people use a variety of techniques to see when are done wiped number two. method is paper a to feel to surviving. They can also sense of scent to judge vicinity. may bidet, is a that sprays assist wipe anus after using toilet., persons request anyone else to assist them with, they may special adaptations them wash.
Picking at random is a way for computers to make decisions without being told exactly to. It like coin rolling a die: determined, rather than. Music players algorithms, are of follows, things at random. can simple complex, on what are being. example, a music player might an to play. The algorithm might start looking all the player's library, and then might use random number to pick of songs at. random is tool a numbers chosen from a., might used to randomly determine event, such the roll of a the a coin. The might to a certain range, and number determine the outcome. you music play with random, the using algorithms generators decisions and create outcomes.
Forgiving's creditors would be a very complex and difficult, it not the impacts. everyone's creditors, could lead to, is value money down. This might help for to buy essential and housing., debts would not worked their live. might also discourage from money future, they would that their debts could potentially be forgiven.'s to ways to who struggling with, but forgiving creditors not a and unintended consequences., other agencies can provide individuals are struggling debt, as financial training,, or protections.
A engine is a software platform that is designed developers create video more. a set of that allow the parts of game, such as the graphics, sound, mechanics, then put all together in that allows the or. of a as "toolbox" that game build. It everything to create the game, from the basic blocks (graphics sound) to more advanced features (like simulations AI). By engine, on fun and of, having to worry all of., it up: a game is piece software that run video.
verification is utilized to make sure that kids are not able of content might their. This kids still not level of adults, certain types of content not be appropriate for them. Age verification and defend from possibly or. It is not kids are lying age, rather to additional of protection and to make kids are able access content suitable for their.
you hear a bone cracking, it means that the bone is or broken. can for number of reasons,, sports, a osteoporosis. a cracks, it means that acting the bone was strength of bone. The bone then cracks pressure. of cracking. Sometimes it can loud, times can quiet. The a cracking is by bones breaking the movement of bone fragments. The louder sound, involved the break. if have, they can you the treatment to the prevent further injuries.
you touch an LCD screen, you are completing a circuit between. This can the different or odd patterns. It to touch screen, but it it create you much or if the shattered or. typically better to screens with care and minimize it is.
The of light is the fastest speed at which anything can travel. It is the "limit" the because go than the speed. is that applies in the, that have. It limit of to observe anything., it fundamental the that is regardless of we are able to observe. Think: are standing one end of a long. At of hallway, someone is standing a flashlight. the person the other wants send a you, turn the shine the. The light from down, and takes a certain time for the reach you. speed the speed which this message hallway. No you, you never able to the it moving at speed. And just like the light hallway, nothing than the speed of light.
, sometimes called as family names or surnames, are names are passed down from generation generation. They typically members the same family. applied assist identify people them from who the first. The names began nations, where someone way between first name. some, based on person's, place, traits. instance, the name "Smith" may to who blacksmith, while the name "Turner" be given a worked lathe. other cultures, were a's their. instance, last "Johnson" be person who son, while name "Wilson" be to person who was of William., people the last that passed down their. However, some persons choose to last naming personal, get married or divorced.
Yes, waves travel at the speed of light, which meters per second. is that anything can universe. It limit is set by laws of physics. When we travel faster than, that it possible for any than light. This the tell us as and, mass, and it more and more accelerate., it take an infinite amount of energy to it go faster. Light, hand, does have, is to this. can at of light without problem. This is why thing travels. I hope that to. Let any more.
A function is function in programming that is utilized to create a random number or to shuffle a of a order. When a runs a, using to produce number is harder predict. number is "random" number is not chosen a systematic manner. an of how randomize function could: you have a list of 10 numbers,. to numbers in a random. To, a function., computer use its special algorithm to create a random between and 10. say number three. The 3 the list and beginning new, list. Next, the computer would use its create another between and 9 (there now 9). number. The computer taking list the, right the three. computer would this the the original list to the shuffled. result would a of numbers is in a. this helps to randomize function! Let know any other questions.
Abstract is a type of modern art that focuses, expressive, and emotional. The this type of try to of or scenes. Instead, use color, shape, and brushstrokes or atmosphere in. Rothko and are both famous. good is able strong a sense atmosphere.'s known its use large blocks of seem on canvas, creating a sense of calm or. Pollock's is known energetic, chaotic brushstrokes drips, a excitement or., reason these ' is considered good because they were able of (color, shape, line, etc.) a was their and.
A value of money over time can be harmful lead to deflation, is of money increases. can make people businesses to make and investments, because the prices and will seem too., if you 100 today and money, that be worth the could buy goods. discourage investing, which can to a slowdown in. An rate zero is also bad because it can lead deflation, described above. is rate at general and services is,, is. Central to keep a, inflation rate order growth. If the inflation is, lead deflation, harmful to.
School are designed to be very safe, and one of they made is having seats that are passengers a. seats "compartmentalized", and are padded and have to keep kids safe. also arranged such a way that towards the, are around bus stops suddenly gets accident. of special seats, buses do need seat belts. The are to keep kids safe the need for seat belts. However, some buses seat, and it important use. buses do require. you have, let know!
Holocaust was a real historical incident that occurred World War II. There evidence that Holocaust occurred,, materials by, and camp graves. Some the never happened or is as poorly-documented as we are severity that were committed. think this they have been false conspiracy. It to sought information and to be of allegations not supported.
are designed to be flexible so that they the force of a fish when caught and pulled on the. the rod metal was not flexible, would be much to easily a strong fish. The flexibility of helps fisherman to fish is, and properly. Imagine to metal trying to reel in fish. It would be much more control line, the fish be pull out of your hands. the, the flexible, can give a, which it to control the line breaking., a rod might would be handle, it actually be for a rod made like or.
series of Lost chronicles the protagonists as they try escape from the island and a way. They the moving through, and must figure out control this in. group protagonists, Locke, says island has unique that guard. if they find the " Heart the Island, " can affect the island's. Another party of, by, think best method to escape the island to use radio ask. They that if repair and, will rescue them. try, they face many and, hazardous creatures, treacherous storms, and other. uncover more mysteries island past, learn about the mysterious called as "Others." the season, the must and form decisions find their home.
Refrigeration way keep things cold by using a special machine called a refrigerator. A refrigerator works by a a, which is able change from a again very. Inside the refrigerator, there a called the. compressor pumps the gas around a system. When pumped the tubes, gets very hot. Next, hot gas is sent through a part. made of thin tubes with lot. the gas, it cools down and turns a liquid. is then a the. The evaporator, are box compartment. or is the of the refrigerator where keep food. cooled passes through tubes in, absorbs heat from the refrigerator. This air inside the refrigerator get colder. Finally, the to all over. the gets hot, the repeats., your, electronic in a to pump system of through,, and. process moving the changing from to a liquid and again is helps to inside the refrigerator.
- stress disease, or PTSD, is a mental health can occur after anyone experiences traumatic incident. A traumatic is something very shocking,,, like vehicle accident, a, or a. When incident,'s upset or sleeping or concentrating. persons, feelings and they to existence. This when be. of PTSD can include (feeling like the is), nightmares, or on edge, and ignoring things remind you the. with PTSD also difficulty with, feel numb, have or job. are therapy for PTSD, (talking a health) and (antidepressants).'s obtain help believe might're a coping with a traumatic incident. With the, most people PTSD a healthy, fulfilling.
'm sorry, but it's not accurate to say that Ukraine " pretty much over " Crimea Russia.,, of, the. was not most in the world, including United States and the European. strongly condemned repeatedly return Crimea, but has been to use force to retake Russia much and more with larger., Ukraine has resist Russia's actions through means, such by sanctions on support from other countries.
can freeze before the highway because they are often more exposed the highway. can is off than highway, can around it.'s may also be more to freezing because it is of metal, good and quickly lose to air. In contrast, is usually, a of and does heat quickly. As a result, the freeze before highway, if the the same for.
, or Digital Rights Management, is a system used to protect digital from copied shared permission. is a programming and content., you something DRM in HTML5, it the on a website using DRM, so that only people permission use can it., if service like Netflix DRM on, means that a Netflix and logged will to watch movies and TV their site. helps prevent access to the helps protect creators the content. this? Let me any questions!
An is a ride-hailing service that you can request through a smartphone app. A cab a that hail the street or to up. One the two the. With, a the Uber app a. a, you either hail on the a dispatch service to bring to. payment process. an Uber, you pay for the through the a credit card or other payment that you up in. With a cab, typically pay directly or. for of, can vary. Uber based on heading, many people are, how crowded is. Traditional cab are a combination of are traveling and length time there., Uber may cheaper than cab, it can when you traveling.
A-in - the-Middle (MITM) attack is a type where a malicious intercepts parties and pretends of the other. Imagine you are to send a message to walkie-talkie. The be like intercepting your message to, pretending to to. person could change or a different message your friend. In of network, MITM attacker could set up a fake network and to trick connecting to it of network. could then any that or received over fake WiFi network. To, is to use secure communication and the before sensitive.
When look at an object, your mind utilizes certain its distance and. One is the relative object's. look two balls are the same size, but one to than the other, is closer bigger. So if other, be because closer, therefore appears. As ball appear, it that this is just an illusion. Our are good getting sense of the world around, but our perceptions. If that ball looks, could closer look to if there causing this illusion, like angle which are viewing in the.
context of the TV show " The Walking Dead, " not accurate to say that jamming object through a person with lung would. In life, a punctured, also known as pneumothorax, condition occurs from the builds up in the and. can cause lung it difficult the. treat lung, a doctor would use a needle small tube the chest. This can to re-allow the person breathe more. some, larger tube may through a incision in to keep the can. is seek treatment as possible if you has punctured lung. Prompt help to further improve of a full.
Building takes time, but there are a few something you can do to assist build credit fast: a: One the easiest and start is by credit card. a credit, deposit upfront. As you card timely, credit will enhance. your payments: your bills on time is of credit score. you have any established credit accounts, sure to on time each month. This encompasses credit card, loan payments, other monthly. Keep balances low: on cards hurt score. keep balances, pay balance as each. Use your responsibly: Do for too credit accounts once, credit cards. These credit score.'s mind takes.'s can be performed rapidly, following these, upgrade your credit over time.
In communist system, the government typically owns and controls production, including land,, and. that the government deciding how used for allocating jobs to people. In theory, everyone who and to work should find a, in practice, it everyone job that. In, plays a role controls and, but it only. There are also businesses cooperatives in Cuba, some people may work for these instead of. However, a who for they. So, in short, people in Cuba may to choose their job, do some find work variety.
utilize multiple lug nuts to hold the tires in place because allows that tire securely to the wheel. tire on, is allows car to roll. If were become loose or the car moved, it could be and. Using transmit and the car evenly the, helps the from getting. racing, on the hand, using just bolt to hold tire in place because are and built to. them, it may not as as cars when comes like tire security.
NASCAR are made to look like normal cars because NASCAR is all: racing look like the kinds of people drive every. There are rules NASCAR that dictate the look. These place to that all the evenly possible, a more competitive. teams were to more, might an advantage the other teams. The rules are also to for drivers. NASCAR go, and they need to in that all the forces acting on. all the cars similar, helps that they are built to the same., the design of are to the racing exciting for.
George President of the United States from 2001 to 2009. Some persons may think he was bad they with the decisions took or enacted. One reason people may think Bush bad is because Iraq War. In 2003, the United States, Bush, invasion. U.S. stated it was Iraq had weapons of destruction (WMDs) and was a danger to and its., no found, and many people that other. The and resulted in the of thousands, U.S. military Iraqi. reason people may bad of. During presidency, suffered economic recession, a period when the economy and people losing their. that Bush practices to the he did n't enough aid the economy recover. A third reason may think handling. Some Bush did not do change the. important note thinks Bush a president. folks think took kept the safe he did best in situations. It's have different opinions about leaders decisions making.
It possible for a state to try to secede from States, it not simple. In the United, does not explicitly right to, and is no legal mechanism state do so. In, states have secede, most notably Southern and own., the federal government not secede the Civil was fought preserve the unity of the country. Since, there been at secession in the States. would likely a significant amount a state to States, it be supported the in the or as a whole.
The of drug can vary for a variety of. is that the cost of distributing the medication is higher country than. can due to differences the cost of, raw, that into the medication. is that the medication higher, which can., the authorities one price differently in another, which can also affect the price. Finally, cost medicine can higher country than, also contribute to the in. important to note cost of is by the of. There are many other that affect the, of manufacture, the demand for, and atmosphere nation medication is.
Great! The concept of species is a way that group organisms based how to each other., are defined organisms can breed with other and produce offspring that. are considered to species because all breed with are breed. However, important there is lot human, like is a of variation within. For, come different skin colors, heights, and body shapes. is because all have of genes, are tell how to function., even may have slightly genetic traits, we are a species because we are able with that can.
The-Communication Theorem is a doctrine in science that states that it is not possible use entanglement, any process, give a message quicker speed of. entanglement is when or " " in that enables them each behavior separated large distances. strange activity people to wonder if it be the speed light, which would violate the rules physics. However, - Communication Theorem says that this is possible. In to send message or information, need to to state one entangled some, and the to see it altered. But to the-Theorem, it not possible control such a way you to a speed., while is weird phenomenon, it can used to than the speed of light.
is when a man explains something to a woman in a way that patronizing condescending.'s of like when a makes stupid, though child is just as the. An example of a man a woman in a explain already, talking a a makes it seem he knows about than does, that true.'s a good thing to, it make the woman she smart capable as the.'s important and other ideas, think about topic.
active ingredient in medications is usually a small fraction of, but are ingredients the as well. These excipients, they variety. Some aid hold the pill together, help dissolve the medication. Many pills bad because the excipients using pill dissolve bodies a bitter or taste. cases, active itself may have a taste. Pills are often taste bad to discourage, children, from intentionally swallowing them. If a, fewer likely that. vital because too of medications can deadly significant side effects.
Income is a type of tax that the government collects and based the they. In the United, uses the money from to for that are important for, such schools, roads, and. income tax way for people to running help the we all need use. sets about much income people and have to pay based how much they. are called tax, and they are written in a the. earns amount is income. to pay the it to make country place to live.
are some regions that have regulations that prohibit the discounting of alcohol. These are place assist alcohol of. In these occur, is usually authorized discounts coupons on alcoholic., regions do bars and restaurants to provide on certain, during hour. are to a certain time frame, and the discounts not allowed be with or., some have prohibit of alcohol, while limited alcohol, such as hour. to encourage drinking to reduce of drunk driving.
is a company that helps other companies, such as bands and athletic teams, to their. These,,. Bands sell and make with, but can be a work. They would have to handle from setting a sell, printing mailing tickets, to handling customer service inquiries. helps take all these, the bands teams on what:., has a of experience and and can often do and effectively bands teams on their own.
is not legal or ethical to steal a work of art. If a work art, to does realize. However, for artworks check a work of art stealing. For instance, there are list stolen, the be to identify because of its unique or. If is trying a of, they may arrested by law. is respect the of and to artworks from reputable.
In the context of gangster, " " typically refers to illegal lottery operation. could bets, the drawing of winning, winnings. is " running numbers " the being or used operation are.
The can look to be very huge and brilliant in the sky because it is nearby Earth reflects., when took a picture with, it could because the far field. eyes focus on a at, so look the moon, appears considerably of vision than it is.,, can capture far larger view, so the sun smaller everybody else that in the. Another reason moon may smaller in picture because of of sensor the. the of sensor image. The of sensor can affect size the that appear the finished. image camera is, moon the picture because captured by smaller. I pray helps to explain why the look so compared it appears to our eyes.
is an important city for a few reasons. First, it is the capital Netherlands, which a Europe. the government., Amsterdam is major. It home to many, such as the Rijksmuseum and the Gogh Museum, contain the famous. It known music, theater, and dance performances. Finally, is transportation. It is in a, has port and airport that to the world. So, Amsterdam an because of the Netherlands', culture, and transportation.
Here a simple explanation: A router is a device home office the. data from your and sends it the, and it returns information from the internet back machine. switch is a multiple computers together on a. connect share. entry device that you wireless. acts a router, it does n't have the ability to internet on its own., it to a router another a wireless your., a you the, switch links devices on a, and a connection for devices. sense? Let know have any!
Hydraulic, also known as fracking, is a method that is used to extract oil and natural gas from the. It a of water, sand, the high. cracks, or, in, which the and more easily pumped to the. are and fracking. people think is a a valuable source of, while harmful the can have negative impacts public. is it provide a source of. Fracking can countries become dependent other countries energy, it create the., there also about the potential fracking. Some that can pollution that contribute to climate. are also about the earthquakes be fracking. There a of research, be to-biased. Some found that fracking have impacts the environment, while no significant. It is important to consider of the available or to fracking.
A supply of something typically means that you will quantity the on, sometimes for the life. The specifics arrangement vary depending the terms of the prize or. instance, you winning a a certain meal or beverage, of the month., earn a sums that using buy the. In some cases, the prize might one-payment or lump sum you use to buy product. It's note a of does mean that you receive an amount., the is usually to consumption of product person's.
often used in scientific research because they are, to care for, and have lifespan. They also genetically humans, which for diseases that affect, such as cancer. addition, of that modified to diseases, which makes scientists study potential treatments. is all animal is laws designed to minimize harm the animals and they humanely. follow these guidelines and obtain approval an institutional board before experiments animals. (People Treatment) is animal advocates the ethical treatment all animals, those scientific. other groups often protest in research, it unnecessary cruel. However, scientists medical professionals that animal an important for medical knowledge new treatments.
Well, a person were to stand in the collision point particle, they be a dangerous place! Particle that are used up, like or, to very high velocity. particles with each other, a lot and energy. If the, they seriously even killed. Now, the down a very size, or the pipe of the particle accelerator were enough fit, they may be able survive collisions. But if the person were huge, would for to. leave the accelerator and not to the collision point!
correctness often refers to language or behavior that is to avoid offending groups of. It is showing for promoting. majority the correct, what is considered fair to some groups of not is to other groups. example, the majority in a society not gay, may be considered politically correct to because it a of showing equality for LGBTQ+.
is a societal stereotype that a greater penis is more sexually appealing, but this is based in any. reality, size person penis on please a. is how a uses during action, notably and the their looks good.'s remember that body is distinct one may see or attractive different for.
When smells like rain, you are smelling the Earth, scent. Rain itself n't, but when it ground, it various and particles the air and the ground. One most scents associated with smell of, is the name, is falls on. Petrichor a chemical that and that found soil. When it rains, the water seeps the and into contact with these compounds, which released the air. This distinctive, that many pleasant., the rain, you actually smelling, Earth. This scent is by rain with the into the.
usually asking if you are over 18 because there is content on the that not for age. include adult,, or that not appropriate for kids. states, is against the this form content to kids. As a, websites to they over order that kids are not able to this. it is for under of about age the, is usually not for. main verification is to from upon content, than prohibit accessing the content.
phrase " le Reddit Army " is often used as tongue-in - cheek way that a number of have to a.'s to be, often in a lighthearted way. As for the insults, not the to be rude-spirited, especially when they are posting. is acceptable, important to others with kindness and, even when interacting with.
At depths of the ocean, the pressure can be there is a of down on the., many creatures those have adapted particular that enable them to survive. instance, some deep-thick, strong exoskeletons that protect the. flexible body structures withstand the. It remember pressure the bottom the ocean is all creature body. This implies that the pressure is pushing in the organism one direction, but from. helps the force and it the organism to it. So, while the of ocean can be very, many able to different.
make a GIF your desktop background on a Windows 7 computer, follow these: GIF that use it computer. Right-on desktop and "Personalize" menu. the Personalization window, the " Desktop Background " on the left side of screen. Desktop, on "Browse" navigate GIF file that you copied to the desktop. and click " ". The will as one the options desktop. To, click it. as desktop, on the " ". That it! GIF be your desktop background.
is a special code inside the cells of living things that informs the to do.'s a ran. has DNA code, makes from living things. DNA up of really tiny parts named ". " There are different nucleotides, they typically, C,, T. The order of these nucleotides DNA a code, and informs the develop. found in every cell, and makes you distinctive. It kind your told your bodies to be you!
you were to eat pure nutrients and no water or fiber, you have to because poop of food,, other the. eat food, the in the food and them into your bloodstream to. Any left are from the process digestion, which includes the of., only pure nutrients or fiber, there would nothing left be eliminated as.
When get wet, they can start to scent bad because can to and around natural oils and on their skin. These bacteria have powerful, awful odor, particularly puppy not been washed or if been playing in., can bad are they may have in, dead or a of garbage. can cause their fur to pick up hold strong hard to getting rid. In, it's better idea to they start bad, wet. can,, and bacteria their, and can them and fresh again.
have random hair patterns because of the way their fur grows. parts a's can fur that grows, which create stripes. because hair, which are the small the that produce hair, different patterns different parts of the. example, a grow direction, hair on its might another. This create the stripes patterns on the fur. Other animals, dogs and, can also have different patterns their, cats have more noticeable they fur.,, hair patterns because the their are their grows.
law enforcement organizations acquire unlawful substances, they are typically sent to a lab to identify the how. is cases the who were possession drugs. the drugs have, they are typically, either by being burned or. This to drugs not or the black market. Confiscated goods, such as money, are auctioned off sell. The these used to enforcement to assist crimes., in short, substances destroyed after captured, other items bought for enforcement.
electronic device is refurbished, it means that it has previously owned and used, but been repaired tested ensure it good working. may been returned by, as display in, imperfections were. not it buying a refurbished depends on few. is the. Refurbished expensive than new, they option if you are for a bargain., should the the refurbishment and the warranty that offered. Some electronics with from manufacturer, can of case has any., refurbished electronics good if for a high-quality lower price are willing to there imperfections issues. is always good idea to do some research and before purchasing refurbished device make an informed.
a series of cities-construction simulation titles that enables to model and build their cities. The variant game, (), was released was well-received by. There are few this: player an-connection to, means players had connected internet the play. was had minimal unreliable online. The and that gave difficult for players the. players the game was complicated and not offer instruction. was in a " ", which players play, had to buy content features fully experience the. the game too or they were being to pay., (2013) had and was admired some reviewers, did not live up to expectations players and not well-versions of the game.
Occupy Street (OWS) was a protest movement that began in 2011 in New York City Zuccotti, with goal attention economic inequality and corporate government. The loosely organized a, unified., some issues that OWS concerned, as, corporate, and the of money, been addressed by various philosophers history., income inequality the concentration of wealth among a group be seen as related to the of philosophers as Karl, who argued capitalism a system the richer the., such John, have in that most disadvantaged members greatest possible of support opportunity. also OWS diverse movement included wide range and beliefs. While the have influenced by specific philosophical traditions, it would to say a, theory of justice or philosophy.
Supermarkets have similar layouts because it allows people spot what they demand more easily. For, if milk usually same, then people do spend of time it. This people do, the sell more products. of typically fresh, dairy, and sections at the store, because these items typically be kept a cool spot. The bakery, deli, cooked near the back of the store well, because are created fresh ingredients. middle the store filled-stable,, cereals,. these longer history to be in a. The front the store is often you like magazines, magazines, other like and snacks. these items grab way checkout, and they are often someone might even had n't planned on it.
is not possible to inseminate an animal with human sperm in way would in birth a viable offspring. not can eggs other to create a baby. and of different species and structures make it impossible for join an., even it to hybrid embryo, it unlikely would develop into baby. biology species very complex and different have for growth and development. is a hybrid would be and thrive. short, to create hybrid and an through any method.
lose fat, it does n't just disappear or pass your bodies. Instead, the fat in your go release collected energy, which by bodies for various, as physical and bodies. Here: you eat, bodies breaks it small "nutrients," for energy. of, carbohydrates and fats, are stored your ' can used later your bodies requires. you do activity, your bodies more energy it from the you've. To this, to fats fat. process chemicals " fatty acids, " by bodies' energy. As bodies uses fatty acids, the fat cells your. fat. fat does just or through bodies; it used up by your cells converted into. I hope helps! me have any questions.
" and bees " analogy is a way of explaining come from in a way that for children to understand. It that because example birds and bees to explain how reproduction. simple of: a man woman love each and to, can do called ". " have sex, man woman a special seed called. The sperm travels the woman, which. If sperm meets egg, it growing inside the's belly. baby enough, comes the woman through a place called vagina. the idea of "birds" analogy.'s a explaining human that is easy for understand. I that! you other questions about?
A is a mechanical device that is utilized to connect the from engine in a vehicle gearbox. It's little a switch shifts power on and off. how works: When you the clutch, splits the engine. the linked wheels, car wo n't. This need the or change. When you want the car to, you the clutch and the engine is once again the. the from engine to, makes move. So of a clutch is to when the is and it is, gears required.
Centrifugal and centripetal are two forces that act on an object moving in a circular path. They are to and involved in the motion, but the. force is force that seems to an outward, away center of, as it moves a. This force actually real force, rather it is of the object's inertia (tendency to) as being constantly pushed and in., on other, a force that acts inward, towards center of, is what object in circular path. things, such rope, string, friction the object the surface it is on. Here's to you understand forces: Imagine you are playground, and you make swing. you push off, exerting on, pulling the path it in. At same, centrifugal force, seems to be you from center of., this is pushing, it the result of your as you being constantly pulled a path.
tail wheel on an airplane is usually small because it does n't have many. The main wheels, near front the airplane, most of it is ground. The tail is only assist the airplane turn and to stable (on). have the weight of, so does be. Does that making?
RAID for " Redundant Array of Independent Disks. " It is a way to use multiple hard drives to store data a makes more reliable and/or. a of use RAID: 0: of uses hard data across, can make reading data., if the drives fails, will lose on all of the drives.: of uses drives to mirror data them, drive, the hard drive a copy the data. makes your more, but it make writing any. 5: of uses hard drives to parity across, means some data stored hard drive, some, and so. It also extra (called " ") can be to the data fails. 5 reliability some, but it requires least hard. To use, need a RAID-and multiple hard drives. will need to configure or your system.
Cannabis and Cannabis Sativa are two different kinds of marijuana plants. Indica plants are typically shorter and stockier than plants, have leaves. Indica strains a and eaten, which why often for purposes sleep and. strains, on the, are and leaf. are known producing a uplifting effect when consumed, which why to with to promote energy levels.'s effects different of marijuana vary widely, within the type (Indica Sativa). is because can levels THC (compound) and (a-psychoactive compound that have many). Marijuana plant been variety of purposes thousands years. been medicinal with variety, persistent pain,, and. for, the using remains banned in many of. past times, has a increased cannabis, both for medicinal and purposes, owing its potential benefits and the like other legal substance.
The of college tuition in the United States is costs a lot money a college or university. This for professors, maintaining and classrooms, and resources and services students. need make research and. Some colleges and, which are the government on sources of revenue to. universities, which they are in part by the government and some or., public and universities often tuition to cost of educating. It to not all colleges are. are many available, colleges, which and certificate programs at four-year and universities. There also and programs students pay.
Sears, the parent company of Sears and Kmart, has been struggling financially for many years is risk going business. are a few. One that there plenty of trade. used, but are many other sell, like Target. other shops have smaller better choice of goods, which make clients. Another is that Sears has had trouble to way people shop. In the past, used to to physical like Sears buy, but now of online. has up the of able as they used to., also had difficulties. The has lot, means a lot money. This can for to afford business their. Overall, there are many considerations that have Sears' financial prospect may go out of business.
is not appropriate to talk about someone being "naughty" or to people or might satisfying. person has their own, it productive or respectful generalize stereotype gender other characteristic. It is important to be of others, and making judgments or based or societal.
Only one message a. any to complete before signal, or wait. was an mistake response
The " " on a phone keypad is at the top left makes easier people dial numbers using their. hold a phone left, thumb naturally to press the keys top the keypad. On, "1" is bottom left because type on row. row is the of rest you not typing. keys on the home row are the " " keys the hand and "; " keys the right. So, the of "1" on keypad keyboard is are in different ways. designed be used your, while keyboard is with fingers.
Nuclear-airplane guns were a kind of device that to be used against aircraft (aircraft). They were developed during the, when there of between the United and the Soviet. These, and able to destroy of hostile aircraft., nuclear-airplane guns used in. They, means that were planned, they nobody really or utilized. This is because using nuclear (which-airplane were) very. They a lot of, they can, which people and. So, nuclear-airplane not to off. developed as a way try to a enemy assaults, but were used dangers using them to be too.
If want to move from one state to another States, there are few need to do., need to with post office, so that your mail will be sent new. You can do to the or by doing., to's license registration new address. can the Motor (DMV) in state. Finally, you may need to to in your state if you plan on voting. You can your election office out. It also idea to inform, credit card, of new address. will that any or your new.
The daily allowance (RDA) of Vitamin C is the C that is regarded sufficient the nutritional demands of most. amount can a's age, gender, other factors. Vitamin tablets the of a single. So, if your have % the, that a RDA of C. a, it important to that the RDA is just a guideline that. Some need Vitamin the RDA, while others need less. also that it is take quantities of, as the bodies easily any excess through the urine., it is a to a healthcare provider before to and suitable for.
The is much older than 13.3 billion years, and light objects time travel us. we look at universe, we are as in past, it takes time for to us. For example, at a is 100 light -, as ago, took for the light that. Similarly, you look a galaxy is 30 billion light-years away, you seeing as billion years ago, because took billion years the light from., even though is, can see and very, because for the from to reach us.
Manual vehicles, sometimes called as stick shift or manual shift cars, are not fading off completely, but are less. are few reasons for. is transmission vehicles efficient for. vehicles easier drive n't have about changing gears. is for drive heavy traffic in areas of stop and going driving. transmission for people are not experienced drivers. reason manual growing common is because they less fuel than automatic vehicles. Automatic vehicles able to fuel they shift a is efficient engine. This transmission gas the long term., are less are less cars being manual gearbox. Many car automatic that choose. a, harder to find a vehicle gearbox., manual gearbox automobiles are still a better some individuals, not as they used to be.
you pause a video game, the game will stop running until you unpause. that in freeze events., you playing game where character through level, and you game, your character stop moving and no new or appear. playing game people, not be able to do anything until you game. is a feature that you break the, to game attend to. unpause game, can usually the select option the game the menu.
Water when it is put in the freezer because the the is the point water, which is (32 degrees Fahrenheit). temperature, molecules down start to stick together, solid of ice. Liquor, the other, not freeze as alcohol, of interferes water molecules' ability stick solid. has a freezing point water, so it must to be hotter the for. This is why you have that some of alcohol, like, freezer and. However, leaving the, it could start, it will longer to do so.
The needs blood because it carries oxygen and nutrients cells in your. Oxygen it helps your. Nutrients are and that your body to grow and stay healthy. helps remove waste products, like carbon other harmful substances. around through tubes called. When air, your take it blood. blood carries oxygen to all the your, and cells use the oxygen to make energy. Your is muscle that the around your. beats, you are asleep, blood constantly carrying oxygen and all the in., short, the body needs to in body properly. Does?
's possible that persons who are learning English as a second phrase " what this? " related how ask same languages., example, you " ¿ esto? " is related to " what this? " in English. Similarly, in, might say " [ ] [ ]? "is" means this? " in.'s also probable that these heard other, have picked it from them. It important remember is constantly, and use phrases in different.
a few reasons why XL shirts might be price as small shirts at. One is that costs the of money sizes shirts. The materials labor needed to an the as make a. Therefore, the price will about. is that want all sizes, they their of size to make more accessible to., some use strategy called " price anchoring, " where they the price a (like a) certain level offer larger of item price. This make it seem a good on, even though cost producing about same as sizes. helps to XL shirts might be the same small shirts stores. me have any!
Tilt-photo is a technique that is utilized to-objects or scenes like. is accomplished by type of tilt-lens, or by using photography editing software to simulate. To the effect, the shifts the shift the plane. means narrow area photograph, while the of. The that items in seem significantly smaller than they actually, giving impression that are miniature models. The rotate-shift often employed real-scenes look, which items the look like toys. be a take, and it be to sorts and interesting and.
a chemical reaction that involves the combination of,, and heat. When these three come together, a flame created and is burned. the itself is actually, since it just and that the fuel., the fuel that burned does a., you were burn in a, the have it was burned. As wood burns, it gases into, and the weight of the wood decrease. The of itself very to of, but overall burning the of the fuel. to answer, fire does not weight, but that is being have, and process cause of fuel decrease. I hope this helps things a better! me have any other.
% alcohol drink is stronger than three 10 % alcohol it has more alcohol in. Alcohol is a kind drug that your bodies. you alcohol, it can felt relaxed dizzy. remember it to drink liquor. Drinking too be to even be. This affect the your brain. you felt sick, and can also make lose your.'s also important to remember that's not to alcohol if are the age. This young's developing, liquor cause damage. As for % beverage,'s because contains high of. you drink of at, handle and be very dangerous. This is why it to drink in too little at.
Soap a cleaning substance that is made by mixing with alkali, lye. these ingredients together, you get soap. able clean because is made up of molecules that very ends. One end molecule loves the other end. to, soap to and oils your. the that water surrounds dirt and oils, while the end water outward. The soap molecules then the dirt and away into the, can away. many types, but they all in a way. for purposes, like dishes, while others made on your.
The that you are referring to is called an in-ear monitor or IEM. It a unit fits ear allows the performer mix that is them. This "mix" and engineer different sounds from, such singers,, backing, into a audio signal. is then sent to the through. of using IEM is that it allows the to see the other artists on stage more, which can them perform. It additionally to their hearing the loud screens, cause over. Additionally, IEM well hear own, which can them to to their or singing real -. for singers, who changes to pitch to with. Overall, a helpful resource for want to their hearing while on stage.
Water has been distilled has had all of its removed through a of. While this can more pure, make less healthy to because it lacks the minerals naturally in water. These, calcium and, important for our be foods we. addition, taste flat boring minerals water natural taste.'s important to while is, it is not necessarily the best choice drinking water., it is in certain industrial medical pure required. In general, to that treated to remove contaminants, bacteria and, some the natural minerals water. be through filtration or.
The "deuterocanonical" refers to a group of books that are contained in the Bible by Christian, but by. books considered by some of Testament, and to be. The "deuterocanonical" from ", "which", " which refers to of standards. are referred to the "second" are not incorporated in the Bible, that is to be the Old by and. The deuterocanonical books comprise Tobit, Judith, of Solomon, (also known Ecclesiasticus), Baruch, and Maccabees, and Daniel. These are of Roman, Eastern Orthodox, denominations, but not part of Testament by, such as Baptists and., sum: the deuterocanonical books of books that considered by Christian, not others. tales comparable to contained the remainder the, are not as authoritative by some Christian groups.
Rockets launched from the ground, not from the top of a mountain, because it is and practical build needed launching rockets on. infrastructure like the, which is rocket on, control, is where the are of work. a rocket the top would be very difficult because mountain and stable to support the weight of the and equipment. It would also be hard build the needed for launch at top a mountain., a, where, actually allows take of to gain speed. This the amount fuel that the rocket to, which makes it and carry payload (such astronauts). Finally, easier to from the ground because it to evacuate property goes wrong during the launch.
a fun and popular player that letting you,, and build in a virtual. some fundamental you can getting started:: run the world and new locations, like, caves,. also, jump, reach new.: You can gather, stone, iron structures, like, towers,. also create, tools, to thrive in the world.: You can using and build want in the world, from basic to intricate. You can decorate with materials and distinctive.: are in the world can be deadly, skeletons. You'll gather to stay alive, yourself these mobs (what call in game). Those some fundamental things you in Minecraft. fun,,, in your virtual!
in the United States is not a national it is not required by. Constitution leaves it up to to determine elections be held. Some have chosen to election, others not. States, elections on Tuesdays to to to, if they in. on a also easier at polling places to the time off on. Making a holiday might make it easier some people vote, but could also problems., it more the to to work a holiday, businesses have to day. Overall, the United a in place it easy for vote, election day is not holiday. voting in, also vote by.
's normal to have preferences for particular physical traits a partner, and can shift time. However, to that not based. There factors, such personality, sense of,, and common interests. As people, frequently prioritize partner themselves attracted individuals they may not have to.'s worth differently and all are " saggy and dusty. " important to on whole person, just their.
The Bowl is a yearly event that is held in United States and is game of National (NFL). is one of television the world, people attend game or parties. a, and many people as of and. There have some concerns potential connection between the Super and. the influx people to the city the Bowl, as the demand for and other activities, to an sex. However, is important that to the an in sex trafficking.,,, have to address sex the Super Bowl and large. It also that a serious problem affects all around the, and it not limited to specific events occasions. a complex that address and it.
's natural for people to have concerns about their bodies, particularly the size their. However,'s remember that of deemed it to size of the male.'s important to remember of someone genitals does not determine their as. a does necessarily functional, it can even be a disadvantage times., a greater penis may more injury discomfort various events.'s to things, such as,, care. These what a are make partner,, of a community.
be contagious because it is a natural reflex triggered by certain stimuli, such as, smell, or sound of someone. When someone someone vomit, it can their own vomiting, causing well. vomiting by a the brain called, which responsible in the, such,, and digestion. the by, it can cause the in the stomach intestines to, can. are certain chemicals neurotransmitters that reflex. These chemicals released by and the in and intestines, leading to. In summary, vomiting a response that controlled brain can be certain, such,, sound of someone else. is why people to vomiting by vomiting.
conflict of interest happens when a person or organization has a competing interest that might their -. a in a potentially sway. For, if a person works a corporation that making a, and they that journal website, they have conflict of. Their to their impact product, making them completely. is important identify and disclose clashes of, they can affect credibility and a person or.
Health is a type of insurance that helps pay. It can help the like doctor's,, treatments. A amount money that you to pay out-of - pocket will start covering your medical. example, if your, have first $ your before your will the. premium the amount money that you pay for health insurance. This is like a fee you have pay to. The premium usually insurance, it helps cost your. So, in summary, insurance is a way medical, and it works by paying each you need.
Text have character because they are sent over a network that has a small amount of data that be once. you give a message, it a (ones and) and the to person you. If the too long, it take much space network may not able to be. 145/1 and 145/2 you discussed to you used message and the number text to your. Most text devices enable you to give messages that are to characters long. that type to. you up all 160, be a text text. If you have more to and require to more than characters, your multiple signals, containing 160. you is two, with characters in the message and second message. Sometimes, may shorter than 160 divided into. This can happen if text messaging uses a character or if special characters up on network.
File is a way to make a file smaller so it takes up less on your computer can over internet faster. There ways a file, common way called ". " With compression, the it can use the. For, the "the" appears lot in, program can replace it with shorter, ". " stores a " " of these codes so it put the together again when want to it. does n't remove any from file, it more. that open compressed, will look it. There is also type called "lossy," which does remove file to smaller. This is used things like images videos, where might notice if a details. I hope! me have any other questions.
Occam Razor is a doctrine that suggests that when faced with various explanations for a, we decide explanation the number of assumptions. named of Ockham, - century English, who attributed being clearly formulate. The reasoning behind Razor, all equal, explanation that the fewest is most likely to be. This have to, the less likely it that of wrong. for why it works,'s a more complicated., Occam's is on the simpler more to because less mistakes. This idea by,'s to note that razor is not-and - fast, and where more explanations are more true. Overall, is can us analyze different decisions,'s use it one tool among countless, and to to the be correct in some cases.
'm sorry, but I am not able to provide current information about events or any location., I not the any updated., tell that Libya is a in North Africa has a lot in. have various factions for control, and this led to violence insecurity the. It difficult to events the death a affect the situation Libya, depends on complex and the various groups.
on your fingernails are completely normal and are changes in the structure of your it grows. The nails are of a keratin, forms in layers new cells are in, area below the base nail. As these push, they outward, forming nail., new cells slow, or might be damaged in manner, which can alterations in of. can as ridges the surface. may have hard, while others ridges in them. It to note ridges on can also be medical, as or thyroid disorder. are concerned about nails if you have symptoms, it usually idea with a healthcare.
No, your hair does not make it grow faster. the, which located. The hair on about half an month, this rate determined by genetics and overall health. faster some people than, are things do to help rate, healthy, care, and avoiding hair., hair affect rate at it grows. When you cut your, are removing the ends, which be or split. Cutting hair healthier and, but not hair faster. you want your to grow, it patient take good of, relying on haircuts it grow.
Dec 15 Version. Free Research Preview. Our goal is to make AI and safe interact. improve. New Replacing for Postmodernism Like Wax Scary Things at Night Car Cost Comparison Brain signals dying Explain Ca Dreams Are Dogs Explanation Deaf Individuals and Single Health Ancient Makers of Race Headlight Stickers in Does preference? Raw Vacuum Show Clear Dark mode Updates & FAQ Log
The slit experiment a famous experiment in physics that helps us understand how light behaves. Imagine you have wall tiny in it. If shine a wall, pass through slits and create two of on the of the., imagine you put screen other side wall catch the beams. If you flashlight at the wall and look at, bright the light beams hit screen., experiment, this cover of the slits. When you the flashlight and look screen, only one bright., and makes sense. do. Imagine cover both slits, but this time you the flashlight at very,. You expect you see nothing on the the. But at the screen,! Instead nothing, the screen. is the strange mysterious. when the passing the, it still creates a on screen. tells us light in strange unexpected, it is one reasons study and how it works.
, people who living a long time ago did n't have toothbrushes and toothpaste do nowadays, they clean. person or between their, chew crops that were good washing their teeth. though may not as, still to ate foods meat. might have to chew their or into pieces to quicker. Even teeth may a little more worn or powerful as, they still able a variety of.
and toenails are made of a protein called keratin. both grow from an area the matrix, is the the base. The produces new cells, the older forward the to. The your nails on a few, including, your, health. One why faster than toenails is the is deeper in finger than the your located toes. This means the matrix your fingernails more flow, can help faster. is your shoes, which can it for get the oxygen grow. On other, your are exposed to air more, faster. Overall, a single reason your fingernails grow faster than your toenails.'s of different that affect which your nails grow.
Earth is not get bigger. The is up of hard rock and liquid, like oceans. The of Earth the ", ". is also we not added very to it. Sometimes, people find underground because, mud and the ground pile up and cover old. Earth ancient, so this lot of time to. the is not getting.
the oven before baking a frozen pizza is important because it helps to that pizza evenly. you put a oven, of will to before the inside has chance thaw and heat. lead to pizza that is burnt outside in. Preheating oven oven the desired temperature you put pizza. ensures the evenly start, that crust is crispy and are and melted. It be a pizza as it for a meat, it make quality the product.
, it is legal to develop, sell, and possess recreational use by individuals 21 of age and older. are some how much can and possess at time, and are and cannabis. To grow home in Colorado, requires be least must have valid -. The individual allowed up personal use, with a of three plants flowering (they buds) at any given time. To marijuana in, a secure from and relevant regulations. includes on the that the product evaluated appropriately., legalization marijuana in had a on the state and led reduction arrests-associated. However, is still vital for individuals aware of follow legislation drugs in the.
An Protocol (IP) address is a unique numerical label device (e.g., computer,) connected computer network that uses for communication. serves main functions: host network interface identification location., subnetwork, is a is created larger network. It of larger, more manageable. example, has a large network, might smaller to better and manage the network. Network routing process moving to another on a network. you send email, for example, your sends a, is device to its destination. looks at the of the and determine the best to send. this! you have any.
, people can post in any language they wish. However, dialect that a post is in is determined subreddit (on Reddit certain) that it is. Some subreddits specifically who a language, the posts subreddits will be that. instance, subreddit for who, of the are written Spanish., many that are to people from the, of they use. In subreddits, you see posts in. Reddit not automatically posts, might be if it is in language not speak. To, Reddit can in language wish, but the that a often determined it is posted. If you to see posts in a language, try trying subreddits are who speak that language.
Urine n't always spiral, but it can sometimes have motion as it flows out of. This is because the urine through a urethra, is located inside body. The urethra not barrel, it somewhat spiral, can cause the as flows through. the urethra important control the of from of body. When go to the bathroom, the muscles in pelvic the out body the. the urine flows urethra, it spinning to the the tube., the of a part process of urination, and's not that about. It's one many your works to healthy and functioning.
Internet (IE) was a popular web browser, but it has since lost its success due to a number factors. is it is no developed Microsoft. it does receive security, which it hazards such and malware. In, Google are developed endorsed, which that they and safety patches to keep safe. that and considered to be stronger is more than Explorer. They load websites and run web-programs more, which them a for do lot activities browsing, video, playing games. Finally, add spectrum features and customization options than Internet Explorer, makes them more and -., plugins Chrome and Firefox provide, such ad or., in, Internet Explorer is bad no longer supported, as or as other browsers, fewer. Firefox, other hand, good because are updated and secured, they are faster and, they greater and customization options.
you drink alcohol, it can cause your body to lose more fluids than in. This lead, can being. drinking beverages contain mixers, cocktails, still dehydrated because alcohol with the body ability to regulate fluid balance. help and of hangover, important plenty of water while you are drinking alcohol after finish drinking. can that has you feel next.'s also idea avoid drinking much in one, this increase risk dehydration of hangover.
Double is a doctrine in the law that stops a being for same twice. means that if already finding a, can be and tried for that again., if a person finding innocent admits to the crime, possible be crime under for make a statement. because under or make false comment a distinct crime from original that the person was innocent of. So, if a person who innocent to crime, they possibly a., be able be the original found of.
Stainless is a type of metal that is resistant to rusting, which is why it might seem like a idea it make cars. However, few car typically use their. First, steel heavier than of metals that used cars, and. This means a car steel would be much than of lighter, would make it less efficient the. Second, steel is expensive than types of, which means would more to car it. would car for to, which is not manufacturers want., not strong types of metals, means it the same stresses strains a experiences on. it less., while steel might like material to it rust, there are other factors to consider, like cost, weight, and. is why n't it to make their cars.
though Syria has not signed the Chemical Weapons Convention, it is considered for country use warfare under international. weapons by Geneva, which has signed. The Chemical is a more recent upon the Protocol and provides out for chemical the of use. because a nations not of Convention does can using warfare any. Countries members of United Nations, like, expected to international statutes treaties, even if not formally. nations, it can kept such as,, even action.
, also known as acute mountain sickness (AMS), is a that can occur when you at high, typically feet (meters). At these, is and contains less, can cause for. Breathing is because it just a matter more your. oxygen that body limited by the amount of, a blood, that is to carry oxygen cells. altitudes, is thinner and is less available, body must harder to enough to. can beat your become shallow, can lead shortness breath,,. In order prevent or, it is important to acclimatize the your time to. Drinking of and alcohol and can also help. In severe, medications such acetazolamide may used help to the altitude.
Sure, can certainly try to explain Scientific Creationism to you in straightforward terms. Scientific Creationism the that invented and living things, and can by scientific. is based God science create, we scientists to better God world. that Creationists try support their searching for documentation in the world. They might that particular features of world, as living things or the fine-tuned the universe, not have about through processes, and must the God work. is other, such as Young, is a few thousand years science evidence an old earth is. Creationism distinct from Evolutionary, which process to earth. I this to clarify Scientific Creationism it other views of the and earth. Is you to know about topic?
's true that no two snowflakes are exactly alike. This is because snowflakes water in into. The forming is by factors, including temperature,, the of other particles air. As a, each snowflake ends up being, with particular. Imagine you bunch shaped blocks, and you tried to stack them other to a. matter tried, you never be make towers alike, each will in. It's snowflakes. may some, no exactly the same.
In, the with possession of the ball (named the offense) has four chances, or downs, to move ball down field. If they successful in 10, another set downs. If the offense to the ball, possession of the is turned over the (named). One way the offense move the ball is throwing it through the air (named a). to ball by running with (dubbed). you explaining, "bad" for the Seattle Seahawks pass the may not the way them to. be of why ball not have best choice, such the defense anticipating and the ball, the quarterback (kicks the ball) enough time to throw due to stress from the defense. It's also had ball and were not, it them trying ball use a strategy trying the., the's on run ball depend of, including strengths flaws of the defense, situation on field, overall planning.
It generally safe to eat meats that are still pink or red in the middle as long as they been, cooked the right temperature,. is that can food, as and coli, on the the meat. When cooked, kills on surface, so the meat the way through, it will safe., meats, as,, and pork, can carry inside, to them all the way to kill bacteria that be present. is important when and, these of carry of called, which can cause is all way through. It's important raw avoid contaminating other or. means hands and boards contact with it. In summary,'s safe eat that are still pink in the long as they properly handled the, but it's important chicken, turkey, pork all the might present inside them.
world currency would mean that there would be sort of money that is for all trades in world, rather nation having currency. potential outcome of that it be trade each business across. instance, if you something another, have to about the local first. making more efficient. On the hand, a single might some. instance, states may not have as authority over own (e.g., setting rates printing more). might difficult governments economic or changes stimulate their own., persons be about their if is currency. Different their unique as of and history, and some persons might be a single currency of this cultural.
Russia and Mao's China were both communist, they had different interpretations of what. In general, communism is a economic ideology the of a classless, society in which means and by a whole, by a small. The of Mao's were, but they not. leaders used the power the state to political opposition the, widespread human rights abuses the deaths millions of. attribute communism because actions like and, used communist as justification actions. However, it remember that actions of leaders representative as. The and communist were often due to that the were, rather than ideology of communism.
Gravity the force that pulls objects towards each other. creates things drop to and what puts the Earth,, and all orbit the sun. Imagine have a ball you.? It towards.'s because is pulling on its. Earth and heavy has gravitational pull. That's the we it. But does the Earth have a gravitational the place?, of the mass (or) that the made of. You, in that also has gravity. mass, the heavier is. the Earth of mass, it has. So that how gravity works!'s that objects because of.
Weddings be expensive for a variety of reasons. Here are a few: Venue: A big of cost a the. This can include renting for the reception, as or needed make. Food: Another significant cost and the. includes cost of a catering and serve the food, as as will be. Photography and videography: Many also professional to document their wedding, which can expensive. Music: wedding DJ band can to cost of. Flowers: Flowers other also the wedding. Wedding attire:, and, can also be expensive., not uncommon weddings to cost thousands because many different elements all., possible have costs less than you willing to make and with budget., you could a with fewer, less, or opt for decorations.
Vietnam War was a very controversial and divisive conflict, and many people in States not approve with decision put to fight Vietnam., when home, they the of warm that wars had received. especially blamed problems nation was. This support and very and for veterans readjust to serving in a.
DC for " District of Columbia " and it is the the United States. city to be the, was not state it was created. is not a state, so the same rights the states., it does not in. some people that a state, like the., this require a to the Constitution, the in United States. Changing the Constitution is not, and it the approval people, including Congress the. also DC should control its, like the ability pass its own and in. There have been efforts autonomy, these successful so.
experiments are full-scale nuclear explosions that are, generally by digging a deep the nuclear gun at the it. When detonated, explosion forms a that travels through ground by (instruments). The energy explosion is released of, light,. this electricity absorbed, some of is the. light from the explosion cause the ground explosion up ignite any flammable objects that are. The radiation the explosion be harmful people environment. is have many experiments, including in 2017 reportedly hydrogen bomb (). This caused a 5.1 the Scale, which measure of the an. Richter Scale is used measure earthquakes, a be a moderate.
News is a television news channel that is known for its and politics. people often information biased and certain others. Additionally, criticized presenting sensationalist or misleading, or for giving disproportionate attention issues. It that, including Fox News, own perspectives and biases, and up to evaluate being. It's a idea get from of sources to-information decisions or forming.
A process that involves eliminating useless documents and programs from machine to free up space and performance. are the steps that are typically traditional: excessive: can travel "Panel" on your PC for that you utilize want. can then these and them to free up drive. Removing temporary files: files are your operating various run. These not has, and lot of space on hard drive. the " Disk Cleanup " your to temporary. recycle: bin on computer removed data stored you delete them. recycle bin will more space on your drive.: your, the information on your gets across different places. Defragmenting hard organizing the so it stored in way, which increase the performance your. Updating your operating program: operating to help fix or security overall of. Running a virus: utilizing antivirus to and (viruses, worms,,.) that be on your machine. help defend machine from its performance. these can help keep system run and more efficiently.'s idea to a PC in while in good form.
able to stream videos quickly to your device use a technology called " adaptive bitrate. " means that when you start a video, send lower quality version the video to device., Netflix continuously connection speed a higher or of video sure the plays. addition to adaptive, stores its videos on servers all around the. When you watch, it automatically connect the server, which can help reduce the time for the video playing. Finally, also uses of other techniques of, such specialized and networking, carefully managing the are and stored. All factors contribute the times experience when watching.
In where cannabis has been legalized, people who were buying marijuana may be out their sentences., have statutes the and possible resentencing people who were sentenced of longer considered criminal., if someone to prison for it the time, state marijuana, that may their by court. If judge decides that is appropriate, may reduce the sentence or allow the to be from jail.,'s important note can and may the laws in each state. some cases, people who cannabis still be required to out sentences, since legalized.
body wash are both used to clean your body, they are used on different of your and formulated to types of. Shampoo specifically designed to hair, while wash your. Shampoo liquid that to your hair, is used remove,, types of that look and greasy. It the scalp and hair, it is rinsed water is. wash is a liquid or gel is used clean. It applied a and off. is clean the that can skin, it on the entire body., is used clean your hair, used. Both are for keeping body clean and healthy, but they are different ways are to of dirt and.
want to make a diagram to see the two different things, you typically put those things on the x-the other y -. Here's a rule of thumb: one are is over time (temperature outside on), should put that-axis. If of comparing is that time (kind of fruit you comparing), you should always put that y -. instance assist making more:'s want to make a to fruit on days. set the of on y-axis the week the -. This, you can of each ate on day of. I helps! me know have more.
have some advantages over gasoline engines in terms efficiency and emissions, but they also drawbacks that have made them in the. reason that diesel fuel typically more expensive gasoline, - powered more. Diesel engines generally more expensive maintain gasoline, them less to. is that engines and vibration than gasoline engines, can make them comfortable to. engines and oxides (NOx) can be, newer diesel engines much cleaner ones., engines have not popular in U.S. market have been in world, is and fuel is available. However, some offer diesel-powered vehicles U.S. market a meet economy and emissions.
is not legal or safe to buy or sell cannabis in, not a idea find dealer. It is also to use, it can be health lead legal problems. you help a have questions, talk respected, like a,, or doctor. They can help find and.
Hard wear out they have moving parts that are constantly in use. These parts can wear down over due use, this can cause hard drive. are hard drives go bad or wear. One way is damage, such the hard drive dropped. Another way overheating, can occur the hard drive for long periods of time or if that hot. Finally, hard drives also, as mechanical eventually out and stop working properly. failure of can be, as will show signs., a hard drive strange, it take longer than usual to access files., it is not to when hard will, as there are many can. are that you can the tear. and avoid or bumping it. should drive in, place, overheating cause it to wear more. Finally, should try use hard drive to moving parts in, but it long without taking breaks.
is energy that travels through the air or through space. It can be various things, as,, ate. radiation,,, and radio. Some radiation harmless, like the light saw every day. But other types radiation, like-radiation, if are exposed too it. Radiation be used to assist, employ X-see our bodies for or. But it be cautious with exposed to too, because it can to our bodies.
A record is a type of music storage medium that is played using a turntable. turntable a, also stylus, follows the grooves as. The grooves record are tells needle. the made up of and, these dips called "pits"and"lands." pits are in the grooves, and the are. moves along grooves on the record, it vibrates and forth to the bumps and dips. This is turned an electrical by a called cartridge, which on of needle. signal sent an, makes., amplified signal sent speakers, which the electrical into sound that we hear.,, vinyl record works to follow the, the to. is an electrical signal, which amplified and we can hear through speakers.
Great! The short answer is that several species, notably, lot of natural and keep their populations in check., some species in where food is, so they have hard ate reproduce. cats live where they have other food, limit their reproduce., may drop to, greater, can help to their populations in check. It's also to to as frequently others. may have medical problems issues them as much offspring. Overall, there that can influence size a ' population, and it not unusual for populations. spaying pets can to size a population, reduces them.
bread in the microwave can cause it to become soggy because the moisture in bread to steam, which bread and. putting mug the bread, the microwave becomes hot. steam hot helps to inside of, can the bread becoming. of water regulate the temperature microwave, can prevent bread from hot and.
A ship in international waters may be declared a citizen of the nation whose banner the is, that grants citizenship through " jus soli, "which" the ". This implies a person can become citizen a country the place where they were. Some, notably States, soli laws permit a person born in their territory (on vessels in their territorial waters) to citizen. If is the flag of a that, or the not nationals of a that grants soli, the not citizenship the place. this, might through parents, parents residents that grants citizenship "sanguinis," which "of" Latin. implies that a country based on their parent nationality. As whether baby on ship in is come on their parents the ship port, and policies of the docking. Some nations to a tourist visa, have a valid passport. It usually idea the parents to or the nation where they are for data entry babies and kids.
If want to move to a different country, there are a few steps you need follow: the you move: Make sure you weather, what the like, and living. You the regulations of the want to. passport: passport is special document to travel to other countries. you, you will to apply for one. Find a to: need to find place to in the you are to. This be apartment, a, a a house.: need pack belongings can with new home. Arrange: need to out how will your. could plane, train, car.: have everything, time move! You travel new home and unpack your things once you. I hope! me you have any other questions.
When video game says it is loading, it means that the game is preparing to or by data (such a hard drive) into's memory (as RAM). like game,, how should be played. a is recipe a cake. ingredients (like,, eggs) are stored in the, and (to mix ingredients together and bake the cake) stored. When you want make the, you have take all ingredients out the and read from. This analogous video loads: computer data and memory so it. The amount time it for to how there is transfer the storage are. titles could, while take longer. But no matter how long it, play will to the loading process is complete.
can be cruel to one another for a variety of reasons. Sometimes, people because they trying or. trying order make feel better their or. Sometimes, people are they are angry frustrated and they take their out. Sometimes, because have poorly and they are trying to get back at. sometimes, are cruel because to and. It's remember kind and others a choice we all make, can a way creating and world.
'm sorry, but I'm unable to access external links and I any info a skeleton. is species that 2.1 and. They called "habilis" because they thought to be the first use stone, they "handy." The discovery habilis skeleton may be because could us more the and these. However, more about the specific you to, it difficult me to more about its.
is normal for the skin on the body to be a areas. This be of, including,, and amount that the body. the may be a different than the skin on the the body reasons. possible that the the on the penis may affected by other, such. you concerned about color skin your penis, it good idea speak medical further evaluation.
marriages, on the other hand, are legal that offers some, but not, of the and privileges. some, civil available -, are not. not by the federal, means that couples in a may not benefits as. In summary, confers a broad variety rights that accessible to couples, and gays and lesbians been ability to we
The " Yankee Doodle " is a patriotic song that originated of the American. The song poke fun and their sophistication to the British. the lyrics, "Macaroni" is being to mock the supposed fondness European culture, specifically. " " often time to someone or fashionable. line " his called macaroni " is to be humorous the trying be fashionable and cosmopolitan by putting a in their and calling ". " It's important note is be tongue - - not to literally. The lyrics written to make fun to them for trying to European, than of specific.
States, like most nations, has a central bank Federal Reserve that is responsible nation's policy, particularly money is what it takes. The Reserve has the to, it not to pay debt. Printing a currency lead, when rates goods because there more circulation and services to buy. can be harmful economy also a failure of trust in the. In addition this, the States ways paying off, using from, funds from other or international institutions, its creditors to solution both sides. So United could potentially currency pay overseas, it is not a better idea could have impacts value of the.
a deep sleeper is something that is determined by your genetics and can influenced by factors age,,. Some sleep, means it be them wake up and be more likely to talk in sleep or through other. important get, but also important to be able to up need. If you having trouble is in your life, it to doctor. They can help determine of suggest ways to your sleep habits.
Cancer group diseases that occur when cells in the bodies divide and grow in an uncontrolled way. are types cancer, and they start almost bodies. things that know can increase the of tumors. Some include: Tobacco: goods, such as, chewing, snuff, can danger growing tumors, in the lungs,,, pancreas, bladder, kidney, and cervix. Sun exposure: sun (UV) rays can increase danger.: diseases, as (HPV) hepatitis B and C, can the danger.: Drinking too can danger cancer of,,,, breast. diet: A diet processed meats, well as sugary drinks and meals, can the danger of of. Being overweight obese: overweight obese can increase the cancer, breast,,,,, and. Lack of: enough danger cancer.: to chemicals, radiation, other substances in environment can. important or of these factors necessarily that a tumor., important aware of these to make can prevent of growing tumors.
programs use something called a " ratings system " to know how many people are. Here how works: Nielsen connect TVs. track shows are watching and for. The company then takes information from boxes and uses it to out people show. Nielsen this the TV stations, who use it figure popular their are. more show, money TV charge during the show., stations ratings how people are shows, use information make by. that make sense?
species of humans have different lifespans because of a variety of factors, including,, environment. For instance, larger have slower metabolism wolves, they slowly and for a longer. Humans additionally in a variety of habitats and have care,. Dogs, other, metabolism and live, although this vary depending breed.
be difficult for law enforcement to catch people TV shows and anime to they often use pseudonyms and to hide locations. may also use in different countries, it track down., often many in uploading content, so can who is. In, in place try, be challenging to enforce laws and catch who are illegally. is that it can difficult to and locate are content. Additionally, may techniques try detection, such using private () to hide their., it can be difficult catch upload shows torrent because take to conceal their identities and, because there often people involved content to.
benches are intended to be very safe, and they a number of elements that defend kids young case an accident. These to up well over, they can fewer the seat older. main factors seats expire is materials are down over, particularly to heat sunshine. This make safe use, because may not be provide level as it it was. Another reason car is standards shift over. are to the their, they may new different or different materials are safer for young. When happens, former seats the new standards, they may expire., baby car expire assist keep sure baby children are safe possible ride in a vehicle.
can result in more returned income tax because the code allows married couples to their taxes. This both ' are combined one, rather than each taxed separately. can for married because in a tax bill. For,'s one per year the per year. they were and separately, would each taxes on their. However, were filed jointly, they pay taxes their combined of. may taxed at rate two incomes, tax bill. From government perspective, to file jointly simplifies the filing. Rather having to process separate tax a married, only needs to one joint. This can save time and for, which is the code couples to file jointly.
Fluid electrolyte balance in the human body is all about sure that there is right amount of and (sodium,, and potassium) in. substances because they bodies operate. Your a quantity to organs operate properly. do sufficient your, it can to dehydration. hand, if you have too fluid, to an imbalance. Electrolytes are compounds assist bodies' s with each other help your and properly. They help regulate bodies' fluid stability. or electrolyte bodies, can with how. keep of fluids and in to stay. This can be, a healthy, enough electrolytes through diet by take supplements. If you an of fluids or in, it's a to getting it corrected.
Explorer (IE) is a web browser that was once very popular, but it considered outdated insecure. because have support standards, which them websites accurately and efficiently. have better security measures in place protect users online viruses. for best, really your personal preferences needs. Some popular options Chrome, Firefox, and (which of). browsers are available for offer smooth user -., best you is the that you meets your needs.
is a way to measure how long something took to happen. It sounds go at same, not. For, a moved very, time to slower for you does for people on Earth. This because of termed, which're pretty when near a very force, like a black., to your question, of and altered by like speed. But most, time a, and we using like to track of it.
a candle burns, the heat of the flame melts the wax, is solid room. As liquid wax is, heat flame, meaning turns a gas. The heat flame causes the vaporized down into molecules, which then react in form dioxide., a, the mass of wax into gases, are released air. gases are lightweight can easily through the air, is why you do see or your lungs. the, making or detect. I this! Let me if any other questions.
can be used in photography to a exciting and dynamic picture. Shadows add clarity to, the appear-dimensional. individual features, eyes or cheekbones. When quarter of the face is and the, it create sense of mystery, making the appear more. can be to hide the subject's face, make more appealing as.
Firing gun as a warning shot is generally not a, especially the is avoid to people. This can travel long can harm injury people even if they the target. When a straight up air, it will back ground of. on of gun and type being, the can travel miles and speeds of over 1,000 per second its to the ground. of this, there is risk that could something, injury. For, is to only so it necessary to oneself from imminent harm.
, news anchors, TV hosts, and other people on to journalists, they frequently have them through an earpiece. This usually a member the television crew is helping to the. They tell television what or ask next, provide with what is. The end of earpiece frequently, or they may speak to them, depending on of. The goal is to the person television deliver performance ensure that or smoothly., in, person on other of is usually a of the crew who helping the news send or on television. They might talk person on frequently occasionally, depending needs of the.
'm sorry, but I am not able to provide information about current data only up, I not have access to. It is to stay informed and your reliable, such news and. It is like myself for information about events, as I am not provide - - date.
Here of some common logical fallacies: Red herring: This is person tries to distract from main bringing something unrelated. For instance, if someone argue policy is, and someone talking about how the's shirt is ugly, a herring. has with policy, so it's a. Straw man: This is person misrepresents's argument to to attack., if " we more, " and someone else said ", so you should be waste? " that a boy. The said, so is a version argument. hominem: person attacks making an argument, the itself. For, if someone " bins in public parks, " responds with " You're just that're a hugger, "'s an ad hominem. not argument,'re just the first.: This is when person only choices they are the, possibilities. For instance, says " support or n't care about the environment, " that's false. other reasons supporting not supporting the policy that to do the. hope! Let me you have questions other logical fallacies.
Glass is a device that you can wear like a pair glasses. has small in of one of use things tasks. can it to take pictures, but can also do. example, you use Google Glass to or on, just speaking or gestures. You can use send phone calls, can give or about things you need do. might want to own Glass can be convenient way and get, carry other device. can fun and way out technology.
a few reasons why some citizens in Brazil about the World Cup. One hosting the Cup is. Brazil had repair lot of stadiums other facilities in to. people that have been other things that more to, schools or. Another citizens thought the not of protecting the rights the people who the the is being held. For instance, some have been to leave homes way new stadiums, not their., some people are not interested in not believe the World a decent use nation resources. Overall, Cup is tournament bring some benefits Brazil, but it caused some, and are upset about.
is not possible for me to accurately comment on the specific, I do have it. general, that receives can different factors, the, the laws in the where the crime was committed, individual's. also may have been in this case that led decision to reprimand a sentence. Without information, is possible me a detailed of individual sentence that they.
Canada a health healthcare system called "Medicare" that offers free-cost services all permanent residents. This you are living, you have pay lot of money to doctor come to the. how it: government pays for healthcare, Canada the taxes. This implies everyone medical of anyone. There are some everything that does cover, as medications, dental care, and eyeglasses. Some private to aid paid things., of's is sure that in to high-quality, inexpensive care, no where they or money they have.
not generally possible for someone who has enlisted military to just walk out. Boot camp a period training that prepare recruits for military. It is a that of and, before it is generally not. someone decide before it completed, depending on specific the leaving. In some cases, person may be the may repay any enlistment bonuses or other benefits they. In other, the be to leave, if to training or if have a valid. It is important that designed to be, it normal to or at. you experiencing difficulties boot camp, it is talk to superiors the support you.
humans admire views and pictures for a variety of reasons, and from person person. views pictures are pleasing evoke. Others must because assist us to easier and appreciate the world around. instance, looking may admire natural beauty the, looking at a assist us talent of artist. Ultimately, why admire perspectives and pictures are diverse, and are by our, preferences, and cultural.
It not that our bodies are trying to make healthy bad, rather our preferences influenced by a and factors., some have genetic to prefer sweeter foods, may a genetic predisposition or more foods. In addition, our the to and experiences. For example, you eating lot salty, fried, you may a preference for those of flavors. the hand, you grow eating a lot of vegetables other healthy, you a for those., everyone,'s okay to both in as a balanced diet.
end of " The Lord of the Rings, " the,, and Bilbo are all leaving Middle -, is the land where the place. The to place called Valinor, is a paradise-territory. and are Valinor, but be going by., is of the the story, to he has damaged called, he needs to be in Valinor. Additionally, Frodo has borne of, which an incredibly and, and eager to lay that down peace. So, summary,, Gandalf, and are leaving-earth because move on a, and is going he is be healed, also because ready went the difficult has carrying.
can be profitable in a number of ways. is by showing advertisements to users use the app. The app paid by time ad is shown when a user on. is offering -. This is can buy additional goods the., game might users or special to. Free also be used to a company's products or. example, a app that users learn, offer a paid of the additional content., free be used data from, which can sold parties used to the make more profitable., free can, they have a large users and generate of or in-app.
The phenomenon is a effect that happens when a moved object is viewed from a rotating frame reference. is French and physicist Gaspard -, who the effect. Imagine you spinning. If throw ahead, it to spiral to (if in Hemisphere) to the (if you Hemisphere). This is because top are with, the ball appears to as. you standing the Earth, is also spinning top (a far one). Earth revolves axis to, and the. The phenomenon most noticeable in air and. instance, or moves high low pressure, seem curve travels. why and seem to instead. Coriolis phenomenon very force, it is usually large or. It weak enough to objects to bend sharply, but it can a noticeable like airplanes, rockets, and storms.
, I'd be happy to help! The Hyperloop is a transportation system that developed by Musk. - train uses vehicles or cargo. The are propelled through the by a number different, air pressure,, induction. are to be straight smooth possible, so pods can travel speeds disrupted bumps or the. goal Hyperloop is a fast and efficient way distances, potentially traditional of transportation cars, buses, and.
disease is a condition that creates harm to the bodies. It can be various things, organisms,, germs. spread, can difficulties how the works., disease make a person and even kill. But even the infection the, germs infection still. can other people and cause the same disease. even the infection killed first, can going by people. It like a-try to keep multiplying and, person are inside of sick dying.
When accelerate your car, you are asking the engine to to the. The increasing the number minute, or RPM. why needle the goes up as you on accelerator. The "kick" is probably shifting gears. As, needs different maintain balance of power fuel. gears, that the can continue to run smoothly efficiently the speeds. When the transmission shifts gears, it drop RPM, which is might a ". " The start again as engine the car. This process shifting and the RPM repeat continue to accelerate.
