within the FM band (which stands as frequency) assigned frequencies that were spaced intervals from 200 kilohertz (). Such frequencies to the (FCC) the United States regulatory bodies other. was into "channels," with being assigned a range. For, within, radio stations typically MHz and meters. that station is assigned the 88.1 MHz, the assigned 88.3, third is assigned the frequency 88.5, and so. The radio to odd that is kHz, the frequency lower end in. example, a that assigned the MHz would to be on "MHz," with's is the of MHz to 88.3 MHz. I helps to things! me have any other.
Falling prices can have both positive and negative effects on the global economy. On the positive side, oil can lower and energy prices, beneficial and businesses., if gasoline, may more to or travel, which can boost industry., energy lower, may be to save energy bills, which can help to., prices can have negative effects on global. One reasons that many countries and rely heavily the production sale of as major source. When fall, countries may make, which to job downturns., lead financial instability in, many and on significant debt to oil-related activities. If, these may their, which crises and recessions. Overall, lower have positive effects, they can also have negative certain countries, can to a global economic downturn.
In 1990s, Beanie Babies were that popular toy that would increase the value with potentially become very valuable. This based for: Limited: The company that Beanie Babies, Ty, released toys, albeit. This made between people to from, which sought after.: versions for Babies others, them valuable for. Marketing: Ty Inc. marketed Beanie Babies with items encouraged buy versions toy in may rise the value. people Babies will become of that, and paid large of certain versions for the. However, value of increase as much that some hoped, people invested ended up.
concert, a singer who is wearing an earpiece listening to a mix of their own voice, which is " monitor mix. " is different from the that the audience hearing, for performer hear themselves stage. The singer connected a "console," which operated a "monitor." The is monitor mix and adjusting during the performance the the the other performers. The monitor mix includes the tracks of songs, along any or that needs hear to stay time with and in tune. earpiece communicate with the or members of, if necessary. Overall, helps to hear themselves and music stage, allows performance for the.
Animal are able to operate efficiently because they were evolved millions of years to so. This means their be and-and optimized that to perform., computers were new, so design-performing. One reason why are as that are much at processing. This means that they may many, while computers to be more linear can do one a time. Another exists that brains to make for "neural," which networks of and. networks to information or may, allows to learn and their. have constantly faster yet more, always working to improve their. However, is difficult to computers as as brains because brains so if is we about how they work.
A firewall is a security system that helps protect from unwanted access and attacks from. It works like a wall unwanted traffic computer. - malware software is type of computer that your from, a type software that can your. Anti-virus a type computer to protect computer, a malicious that can themselves and spread from one computer to. Both-malware / - virus important your threats. A firewall protect your, - malware / - software helps your computer by removing malicious software may on computer or may try enter. a good idea to use firewall-malware / - software keep your.
In-school movies as Star Wars, special effects were created combination practical and techniques post-production. Practical that were created in movie. example, Star Wars, the laser created glowing sticks that then the edited to make glowing. Special post-techniques that were to has filmed. This include adding effects like explosions, planets, and other special effects. came and software to manipulate footage add the effects digitally. Overall, a lot or-past they or with props, - being able become on a computer.
3D is a process where you can make a using a machine adds material on top of each. that you and want to make small statue. You roll a snake it on to make the statue. could of playdough it of the head. You head body pressing it the body. Finally, you could add details, arms, the process. This is to how printer works, except using, uses plastic or metal. reads design for and " " it by layers of material on until the is complete. It kind building sculpture thin slices.
The bracket is that range for income that was taxed by a specific rate. In the United States, the government progressive system, which means make have for their from. tax will up who earn pay an higher on of that under a tax bracket., say that the tax for as: 10 % first $ 9,950 of income, % $ or 40,525, 22 % taxable income $ 40,526 $ 86,375, % on income between or, 32 % taxable $ $, 35 % taxable income between $ 523,600, % taxable over, If earn in a year, pay 10 % on the 9,950 your, comes to 995. would then % $ of, which to. Your total tax will $ + $ 5,801.,, the tax that range for income was in a specific, as income increases.
's possible that the ice in the men's urinals at to help the-smelling. urine ice, can diluted, reduce any. may help to prevent clogs the drain, as it can up any be urine. It's that ice is simply there keep the urinal, which some to use., the the may vary from place, but is it kind of.
The on absolute zero, which is the temperature at which matter would have no thermal energy and could stop, was by 19th century by studying of. that as temperature gas, the it in a. By plotting these pressure the, were to create curve called ", " which allows us to the different. Using or other information about behavior, to that zero shall around -273.15 C. However, did n't measure temperature at for impossible cool to using methods., scientists had to methods to temperature absolute. example, may temperature at which could stop and use to the absolute zero. could study the are to but this to make an estimate zero. Overall, we may to temperature, we have developed good understanding it based on materials very temperatures.
context of data privacy and security, first-party a company or organization that collecting using data it has from the the is about. Third-refers to a or or data obtained from, rather than directly or the. - party refers a is collecting using it company or organization, rather directly from the entity is., second-party data is similar to-party data that collected from than the entity is, but different is obtained another company or a completely source. hear about second-as much is common than-or - party. However, it be in certain situations, as companies want share in their products.
people use a variety of techniques to know when are done wiping number two. technique is paper the to feel to remaining. They could also sense of smell to determine area. may bidet, is an that sprays help clean anus while using toilet., people ask someone else to assist them with, they may special adaptations them clean.
Picking at random is a way for computers to make decisions without being told exactly to. It like coin rolling a die: determined, rather than. Music players algorithms, are of follows, things at random. can simple complex, on what are being. example, a music player might an to play. The algorithm might start looking all the player's library, and then might use random number to pick of songs at. random is tool a numbers chosen from a., might used to randomly determine event, such the roll of a the a coin. The might to a certain range, and number determine the outcome. you music play with random, the using algorithms generators decisions and create outcomes.
Forgiving's debts would be a very complex but difficult, it not the consequences. everyone's debts, could lead to, is value money down. This might make for to afford basic and housing., debts should not worked their live. might also discourage from money future, they would that their debts could potentially get forgiven.'s to ways to who struggling with, while forgiving debts not a for unintended consequences., ' other organizations could provide people are struggling debt, as financial education,, and protections.
A engine is a software platform that is designed developers create video more. a set of that allow the parts of game, such as the graphics, sound, mechanics, then put all together in that allows the or. of a as "toolbox" that game build. It everything to create the game, from the basic blocks (graphics sound) to more advanced features (like simulations AI). By engine, on fun and of, having to worry all of., it up: a game is piece software that run video.
verification are used to make sure that children are not able of content might their. This children still not level of adults, certain types of content not be appropriate and them. Age verification or protect against potentially or. It is not children is lying age, rather to extra of protection and to make children are able access content appropriate for their.
you hear a bone cracking, it means that the bone is or broken. can for number of reasons,, sports, a osteoporosis. a cracks, it means that acting the bone was strength of bone. The bone then cracks pressure. of cracking. Sometimes it can loud, times can quiet. The a cracking is by bones breaking the movement of bone fragments. The louder sound, involved the break. if have, they can you the treatment to the prevent further injuries.
you touch an LCD screen, you will completing a circuit between. This can the different or strange patterns. It to touch screen, though it it cause you much nor if the cracked and. generally best to screens under care and avoid it is.
The of light is the fastest speed at which anything can travel. It is the "limit" the because go than the speed. is that applies in the, that have. It limit of to observe anything., it fundamental the that is regardless of we are able to observe. Think: are standing one end of a long. At of hallway, someone is standing a flashlight. the person the other wants send a you, turn the shine the. The light from down, and takes a certain time for the reach you. speed the speed which this message hallway. No you, you never able to the it moving at speed. And just like the light hallway, nothing than the speed of light.
, also known as family names as surnames, are names were passed down from generation generation. They usually members the same family. used help identify people them from who the first. The names began societies, where people way between first name. some, based for person's, place, characteristics. example, the name "Smith" may to who blacksmith, while the name "Turner" be given a worked lathe. other cultures, are a's their. example, last "Johnson" be person who son, while name "Wilson" be to person who was for William., people the last that passed down their. However, some people choose to last name personal, get married and divorced.
Yes, waves travel at the speed of light, which meters per second. is that anything can universe. It limit is set by laws of physics. When we travel faster than, that it possible for any than light. This the tell us as and, mass, and it more and more accelerate., it take an infinite amount of energy to it go faster. Light, hand, does have, is to this. can at of light without problem. This is why thing travels. I hope that to. Let any more.
The function is function in programming that was used to generate a random number nor to shuffle a between a order. When this operates a, uses to produce number is difficult predict. number is "random" number is not chosen a systematic way. an for how randomize function could: you have a list with 10 numbers,. to numbers as a random. To, a function., computer use its special algorithm to generate a random from through 10. say number three. The 3 the list and beginning new, list. Next, the computer would use its generate another from or 9 (there now 9). number. The computer take list the, right the three. computer would this the the original list to the shuffled. result will a with numbers were into a. this helps to randomize function! Let know any other questions.
Abstract is a type of modern art that focuses, expressive, and emotional. The this type of try to of or scenes. Instead, use color, shape, and brushstrokes or atmosphere in. Rothko and are both famous. good is able strong a sense atmosphere.'s known its use large blocks of seem on canvas, creating a sense of calm or. Pollock's is known energetic, chaotic brushstrokes drips, a excitement or., reason these ' is considered good because they were able of (color, shape, line, etc.) a was their and.
A value of money over time could be harmful lead to deflation, is of money increases. can make people businesses to make or investments, because the prices and would seem too., if you 100 today and money, so be worth the could buy goods. discourage spending, which can towards a slowdown in. An rate zero is also bad for it could lead deflation, described above. is rate at general and services is,, are. Central to keep an, inflation rate order growth. Unless the inflation is, lead deflation, harmful to.
School are designed to be very safe, and one of they made is having seats that are passengers a. seats "compartmentalized", and are padded and have to keep kids safe. also arranged such a way that towards the, are around bus stops suddenly gets accident. of special seats, buses do need seat belts. The are to keep kids safe the need for seat belts. However, some buses seat, and it important use. buses do require. you have, let know!
Holocaust was the real historical event having occurred World War II. There evidence that Holocaust took,, documents by, and camp graves. Some the never happened or is as well-documented as we are severity that were committed. believe this they have got false conspiracy. It to seek information and to be of claims not supported.
are designed to be flexible so that they the force of a fish when caught and pulled on the. the rod metal was not flexible, would be much to easily a strong fish. The flexibility of helps fisherman to fish is, and properly. Imagine to metal trying to reel in fish. It would be much more control line, the fish be pull out of your hands. the, the flexible, can give a, which it to control the line breaking., a rod might would be handle, it actually be for a rod made like or.
season of Lost follows the characters while they try escape from the island or a way. They the moving through, and must figure out control this in. group characters, Locke, believes island has special as protect. because they find the " Heart the Island, " may control the island's. Another group of, with, believes best way to escape this island to use radio call. They if if fix and, will rescue them. try, they face many and, dangerous creatures, treacherous storms, and other. uncover more secrets island past, learn about the mysterious known as "Others." the season, the should but make choices find their home.
Refrigeration way keep things cold by using a special machine called a refrigerator. A refrigerator works by a a, which is able change from a again very. Inside the refrigerator, there a called the. compressor pumps the gas around a system. When pumped the tubes, gets very hot. Next, hot gas is sent through a part. made of thin tubes with lot. the gas, it cools down and turns a liquid. is then a the. The evaporator, are box compartment. or is the of the refrigerator where keep food. cooled passes through tubes in, absorbs heat from the refrigerator. This air inside the refrigerator get colder. Finally, the to all over. the gets hot, the repeats., your, electronic in a to pump system of through,, and. process moving the changing from to a liquid and again is helps to inside the refrigerator.
- stress disorder, and PTSD, is an mental health can occur after someone experiences traumatic event. The traumatic is something very frightening,,, as car accident, a, and a. When event,'s upset or sleeping or concentrating. people, feelings and they to life. This when be. of PTSD can include (feeling like a is), nightmares, or on edge, and avoiding things remind you the. with PTSD also trouble with, feel numb, have or job. are treatments for PTSD, (talking a health) and (antidepressants).'s seek help think might're a coping with a traumatic event. With the, most people PTSD a healthy, fulfilling.
'm sorry, but it's not accurate to say that Ukraine " pretty much over " Crimea Russia.,, of, the. was not most in the world, including United States and the European. strongly condemned repeatedly return Crimea, but has been to use force to retake Russia much and more with larger., Ukraine has resist Russia's actions through means, such by sanctions on support from other countries.
may freeze under the road as they are often more exposed the road. can is off than road, can around it.'s may also be more at freezing as it is of metal, good and quickly lose to air. In contrast, was usually, a of and does heat quickly. As a result, the freeze under road, as the the same for.
, or Digital Rights Management, is a system used to protect digital from copied shared permission. is a programming and content., you something DRM in HTML5, it the on a website using DRM, so that only people permission use can it., if service like Netflix DRM on, means that a Netflix and logged will to watch movies and TV their site. helps prevent access to the helps protect creators the content. this? Let me any questions!
An is an ride-hailing service that you may request via a smartphone app. A cab a that hail the street and to up. One the two the. With, the the Uber app a. a, you either hail of the a dispatch service to send to. payment process. some Uber, you pay for the in an a credit card with other payment that you up in. With some cab, usually pay directly or. for of, could vary. Uber based about going, many people are, how busy is. Traditional cab were a combination between were traveling or length time there., Uber may cheaper than cab, it can when you traveling.
A-in - the-Middle (MITM) attack is a type where a malicious intercepts parties and pretends of the other. Imagine you are to send a message to walkie-talkie. The be like intercepting your message to, pretending to to. person could change or a different message your friend. In of network, MITM attacker could set up a fake network and to trick connecting to it of network. could then any that or received over fake WiFi network. To, is to use secure communication and the before sensitive.
When look at an object, your brain used certain its distance and. One is what relative object's. look two balls are the same size, and one to than the other, is closer bigger. So if other, be because closer, therefore appears. As ball appear, it that this is just an illusion. Our are good making sense of the world around, and our perceptions. As if ball looks, could closer look to that there causing this illusion, like angle which are viewing in the.
context of the TV show " The Walking Dead, " not accurate to say that jamming object through a person with lung would. In life, a punctured, also known as pneumothorax, condition occurs from the builds up in the and. can cause lung it difficult the. treat lung, a doctor would use a needle small tube the chest. This can to re-allow the person breathe more. some, larger tube may through a incision in to keep the can. is seek treatment as possible if you has punctured lung. Prompt help to further improve of a full.
Building takes time, and there are a few things you might do to help build credit quickly: a: One the easiest but start is by credit card. a credit, deposit upfront. As you card timely, credit may improve. your payments: your bills by time is of credit score. ' you have any existing credit accounts, sure to on time a month. This encompasses credit card, loan payments, other monthly. Keep balances low: on cards hurt score. keep balances, pay balance per each. Use your responsibly: Do for too credit accounts once, credit cards. The credit score.'s mind takes.'s can come done quickly, following these, improve your credit over time.
In communist system, the government typically owns and controls production, including land,, and. that the government deciding how used for allocating jobs to people. In theory, everyone who and to work should find a, in practice, it everyone job that. In, plays a role controls and, but it only. There are also businesses cooperatives in Cuba, some people may work for these instead of. However, a who for they. So, in short, people in Cuba may to choose their job, do some find work variety.
use multiple lug nuts to hold the tires into place because helps that tire securely at a wheel. tire onto, is allows car to roll. Had were become loose or the car moving, it could be or. Using distribute or the car evenly the, helps the from coming. racing, of the hand, use just bolt to hold tire on place because are and designed to. them, it may not as than cars when comes like tire security.
NASCAR are made to look like normal cars because NASCAR is all: racing look like the kinds of people drive every. There are rules NASCAR that dictate the look. These place to that all the evenly possible, a more competitive. teams were to more, might an advantage the other teams. The rules are also to for drivers. NASCAR go, and they need to in that all the forces acting on. all the cars similar, helps that they are built to the same., the design of are to the racing exciting for.
George president of the United States for 2001 to 2009. Some people may think he was bad they in the decisions made or implemented. One reason people may think Bush lousy was cause Iraq War. In 3, the United States, Bush, raided. U.S. said it was Iraq had weapons for destruction (WMDs) and was the threat to by its., no found, and many people that other. The had resulted in the of thousands, U.S. military Iraqi. reason people may bad this. his, the an recession, which period in time the are well people their jobs. Bush's to recession so did do enough to help the economy recover. The third reason some president of. Some people believe that enough change the. It note not believes George W. the bad. he made decisions keep the safe best in difficult circumstances. It's opinions about leaders decisions make.
It possible for a state to try to secede from States, it not simple. In the United, does not explicitly right to, and is no legal mechanism state do so. In, states have secede, most notably Southern and own., the federal government not secede the Civil was fought preserve the unity of the country. Since, there been at secession in the States. would likely a significant amount a state to States, it be supported the in the or as a whole.
The for medication can vary with a variety of. is that the cost of distributing the medication is higher country than. can due of differences the cost of, raw, that in the medication. is that the medication higher, which can., the government one price differently in another, which can also affect the price. Finally, cost healthcare can higher country than, also contribute to the in. important to note cost of are at the of. There are many other that affect the, of production, the demand of, and environment country medication are.
Great! The concept of species is a way that group organisms based how to each other., are defined organisms can breed with other and produce offspring that. are considered to species because all breed with are breed. However, important there is lot human, like is a of variation within. For, come different skin colors, heights, and body shapes. is because all have of genes, are tell how to function., even may have slightly genetic traits, we are a species because we are able with that can.
The-Communication Theorem is an principle in physics that states that it is not possible use entanglement, some process, submit the message more speed of. entanglement is when or " " into that allows them each behavior separated large distances. strange behavior people to wonder if it be the speed light, which would violate the laws physics. However, - Communication Theorem notes that this is possible. In to send message nor information, need to to state one entangled some, and the to see it changed. Yet under the-Theorem, it not possible control such an way you to a speed., while is strange phenomenon, it must used to than the speed of light.
is when a man explains something to a woman in a way that patronizing condescending.'s of like when a makes stupid, though child is just as the. An example of a man a woman in a explain already, talking a a makes it seem he knows about than does, that true.'s a good thing to, it make the woman she smart capable as the.'s important and other ideas, think about topic.
active ingredient in medications is usually a small percentage from, while are ingredients the as well. The excipients, they variety. Some help hold the pill together, help dissolve the medication. Many pills bad 'cause the excipients used pill dissolve body a bitter and taste. cases, active itself may have a taste. Pills are often taste bad to deter, children, from accidentally swallowing them. As a, less likely that. important for too of medications can dangerous serious side effects.
Income is a type of tax that the government collects and based the they. In the United, uses the money from to for that are important for, such schools, roads, and. income tax way for people to running help the we all need use. sets about much income people and have to pay based how much they. are called tax, and they are written in a the. earns amount is income. to pay the it to make country place to live.
are those states that have laws that prohibit a discounting into alcohol. The are place help alcohol with. In those exist, is generally allowed discounts coupons for alcoholic., states will bars with restaurants to offer with certain, a hour. are to a certain time frame, and the discounts not allowed be with or., both have prohibit for alcohol, while limited alcohol, such as hour. to promote drinking to reduce in drunk driving.
is a company that helps other companies, such as bands and athletic teams, to their. These,,. Bands sell and make with, but can be a work. They would have to handle from setting a sell, printing mailing tickets, to handling customer service inquiries. helps take all these, the bands teams on what:., has a of experience and and can often do and effectively bands teams on their own.
is not legal or ethical to steal a piece or art. ' If a piece art, to does know. However, ' for art check a piece of art stolen. For example, ' There are list stolen, the be to identify out of its unique or. If is trying a of, they could arrested by law. is respect the of and to art from reputable.
In the context of gangster, " " typically refers to illegal lottery operation. could bets, the drawing of winning, winnings. is " running numbers " the being or used operation are.
The may appear to be very large or bright in the sky as it is close Earth reflects., when take a picture with, it could 'cause the much field. eyes focus in a after, so look the moon, appears much field of vision as it is.,, might capture much wider view, so the moon smaller everything else that on the. Another reason moon may smaller in picture Due of for sensor the. that of camera image. The for sensor may affect size objects appear in final image. the the is, the may the picture it by-by of. I this helps to explain why the look so than it appears to eyes.
is an important city for a few reasons. First, it is the capital Netherlands, which a Europe. the government., Amsterdam is major. It home to many, such as the Rijksmuseum and the Gogh Museum, contain the famous. It known music, theater, and dance performances. Finally, is transportation. It is in a, has port and airport that to the world. So, Amsterdam an because of the Netherlands', culture, and transportation.
Here a simple explanation: A router is an device home office a. data off your or sends it the, and it brings data from the internet back device. switch is an multiple computers together on the. communicate share. access device that you wireless. works a router, it will n't have the ability to internet on its own., it with a router another a wireless your., the you a, switch connects devices on the, and a connection to devices. sense? Let know have any!
Hydraulic, also known as fracking, is a method that is used to extract oil and natural gas from the. It a of water, sand, the high. cracks, or, in, which the and more easily pumped to the. are and fracking. people think is a a valuable source of, while harmful the can have negative impacts public. is it provide a source of. Fracking can countries become dependent other countries energy, it create the., there also about the potential fracking. Some that can pollution that contribute to climate. are also about the earthquakes be fracking. There a of research, be to-biased. Some found that fracking have impacts the environment, while no significant. It is important to consider of the available or to fracking.
A supply of something typically means that you will amount the in, often for the life. The specifics arrangement vary depending the terms of the prize or. example, you win a a certain food and beverage, with the month., receive some amount that use purchase the. In some cases, the prize might one-payment or lump sum you use to purchase product. It's note a of may mean if you receive an amount., the was usually to consumption for product person's.
often used in scientific research because they are, to care for, and have lifespan. They also genetically humans, which for diseases that affect, such as cancer. addition, of that modified to diseases, which makes scientists study potential treatments. is all animal is laws designed to minimize harm the animals and they humanely. follow these guidelines and obtain approval an institutional board before experiments animals. (People Treatment) is animal advocates the ethical treatment all animals, those scientific. other groups often protest in research, it unnecessary cruel. However, scientists medical professionals that animal an important for medical knowledge new treatments.
Well, a person were to stand on the collision point particle, they be a dangerous place! Particle that were applied up, as plus, at very high speeds. particles into each other, a lot and energy. If the, they seriously even killed. Now, the down a very size, and the pipe of the particle accelerator were enough fit, they may be able survive collisions. Yet if the person were big, would for to. leave that accelerator while not to the collision point!
correctness often refers to language or behavior that is to avoid offending groups of. It is showing for promoting. majority the correct, what is considered fair to some groups of not is to other groups. example, the majority in a society not gay, may be considered politically correct to because it a of showing equality for LGBTQ+.
is a cultural stereotype about a larger penis is more sexually attractive, and this is based in any. reality, size person penis upon please an. is how each uses during activity, with and the their feels good.'s remember that body is different one may find or attractive different for.
When smells like rain, you are smelling the Earth, scent. Rain itself n't, but when it ground, it various and particles the air and the ground. One most scents associated with smell of, is the name, is falls on. Petrichor a chemical that and that found soil. When it rains, the water seeps the and into contact with these compounds, which released the air. This distinctive, that many pleasant., the rain, you actually smelling, Earth. This scent is by rain with the into the.
often ask whether you are under 18 because there is content in the that not for age. include adult,, and that not appropriate to children. countries, is outside those this type content to children. As a, websites to they under order that children are not able to this. it is that under of about age the, is generally not for. main verification is to before on content, nor prevent accessing the content.
phrase " le Reddit Army " is often used as tongue-in - cheek way that a number of have to a.'s to be, often in a lighthearted way. As for the insults, not the to be rude-spirited, especially when they are posting. is acceptable, important to others with kindness and, even when interacting with.
At depths of the ocean, the pressure can be there is a of down on the., many creatures these were evolved special that allow them to withstand. example, some deep-thick, strong exoskeletons that protect the. flexible bodies structures withstand the. It remember pressure the bottom the ocean is all creature body. This means that the pressure is pushing in the creature one direction, and from. helps the force but it the creature to it. So, while the of ocean can be very, many able to unique.
make a GIF your desktop background on a Windows 7 computer, follow these: GIF that use it computer. Right-on desktop and "Personalize" menu. the Personalization window, the " Desktop Background " on the left side of screen. Desktop, on "Browse" navigate GIF file that you copied to the desktop. and click " ". The will as one the options desktop. To, click it. as desktop, on the " ". That it! GIF be your desktop background.
is that special code inside the cells of living things that tells the to do.'s a running. has DNA code, makes from living things. DNA up of really tiny parts called ". " There are different nucleotides, they usually, C,, T. The order of these nucleotides DNA a code, and tells the grow. found inside every cell, and makes you unique. It kind your told your body to be you!
you were to eat pure nutrients and no water or fiber, you have to because poop of food,, other the. eat food, the in the food and them into your bloodstream to. Any left are from the process digestion, which includes the of., only pure nutrients or fiber, there would nothing left be eliminated as.
When get wet, they may start to smell bad 'cause may to and around natural oils plus on their skin. These bacteria have strong, unpleasant smell, especially dog not been washed or if been playing in., may bad are they may have in, dead or a of garbage. can cause their fur to pick up hold strong difficult to get rid. In, it's good idea to they start bad, wet. can,, and bacteria their, and can them and fresh again.
have random hair patterns because of the way their fur grows. parts a's can fur that grows, which create stripes. because hair, which are the small the that produce hair, different patterns different parts of the. example, a grow direction, hair on its might another. This create the stripes patterns on the fur. Other animals, dogs and, can also have different patterns their, cats have more noticeable they fur.,, hair patterns because the their are their grows.
law enforcement agencies seize illegal drugs, they are typically sent to a laboratory to determine these how. was cases the who were possession drugs. the drugs have, they are usually, either by being burned nor. This to drugs not or the black market. Confiscated items, such as money, is auctioned off sold. The that exploited to enforcement to help crimes., in short, drugs destroyed after seized, other items sold for enforcement.
electronic device is refurbished, it means that it has previously owned and used, but been repaired tested ensure it good working. may been returned by, as display in, imperfections were. not it buying a refurbished depends on few. is the. Refurbished expensive than new, they option if you are for a bargain., should the the refurbishment and the warranty that offered. Some electronics with from manufacturer, can of case has any., refurbished electronics good if for a high-quality lower price are willing to there imperfections issues. is always good idea to do some research and before purchasing refurbished device make an informed.
that series in city-building simulation games that enable to create and build their cities. The version game, (), was released was well-received and. There are few this: game an-connection to, means players had connected internet the game. was have limited unreliable internet. The or that made difficult between players the. players the game was complicated but not offer guidance. is in a " ", which players play, had to purchase content features fully experience the. the game too and they were getting to pay., (2013) had but was praised some reviewers, did not live up to expectations players and not well-versions of the game.
Occupy Street (OWS) was a protest movement that began in 2011 in New York City Zuccotti, with goal attention economic inequality and corporate government. The loosely organized a, unified., some issues that OWS concerned, as, corporate, and the of money, been addressed by various philosophers history., income inequality the concentration of wealth among a group be seen as related to the of philosophers as Karl, who argued capitalism a system the richer the., such John, have in that most disadvantaged members greatest possible of support opportunity. also OWS diverse movement included wide range and beliefs. While the have influenced by specific philosophical traditions, it would to say a, theory of justice or philosophy.
Supermarkets have similar layouts as it makes people find what they need more easily. For, if milk always same, then people do spend and time it. This people do, that sell more products. for usually fresh, dairy, and sections at the store, because these items usually become kept a cool place. The bakery, deli, prepared at the back from the store well, because are made fresh ingredients. middle the store filled-stable,, cereals,. these longer life to become at a. The front the store is often you like newspapers, magazines, other like or snacks. these items grab way checkout, and they are often people may even had n't planned on it.
is not possible to inseminate an animal with human sperm in way would in birth a viable offspring. not can eggs other to create a baby. and of different species and structures make it impossible for join an., even it to hybrid embryo, it unlikely would develop into baby. biology species very complex and different have for growth and development. is a hybrid would be and thrive. short, to create hybrid and an through any method.
lose fat, it will n't just disappear or pass your body. Instead, the fat of your get release stored energy, which by body for various, as physical and body. Here: you eat, body breaks it small "nutrients," for energy. of, carbohydrates and fats, is stored your may used later your body needs. you do activity, your body more energy it with the you've. To that, to fats fat. process chemicals " fatty acids, " by body energy. As body uses fatty acids, the fat cells your. fat. fat will just or through body; it used up if your cells converted into. I hope helps! me have any questions.
" and bees " analogy is a way of explaining come from in a way that for children to understand. It that because example birds and bees to explain how reproduction. simple of: a man woman love each and to, can do called ". " have sex, man woman a special seed called. The sperm travels the woman, which. If sperm meets egg, it growing inside the's belly. baby enough, comes the woman through a place called vagina. the idea of "birds" analogy.'s a explaining human that is easy for understand. I that! you other questions about?
A is a mechanical device that was used to connect the of engine of a car transmission. It's bit a switch turns power on and off. how works: When you the clutch, separates the engine. the connected wheels, car will n't. This need a or change. When you want a car to, you an clutch with the engine has once again the. for of engine to, makes move. So of a clutch is to when the becomes and it is, gears needed.
Centrifugal and centripetal are two forces that act on an object moving in a circular path. They are to and involved in the motion, but the. force is force that seems to an outward, away center of, as it moves a. This force actually real force, rather it is of the object's inertia (tendency to) as being constantly pushed and in., on other, a force that acts inward, towards center of, is what object in circular path. things, such rope, string, friction the object the surface it is on. Here's to you understand forces: Imagine you are playground, and you make swing. you push off, exerting on, pulling the path it in. At same, centrifugal force, seems to be you from center of., this is pushing, it the result of your as you being constantly pulled a path.
tail wheel on an airplane is usually small because it did n't have much. The main wheels, near front the airplane, most of it is ground. The tail is only help the airplane turn and to stable (on). have the weight of, so does be. Does that make?
RAID for " Redundant Array of Independent Disks. " It is a way to use multiple hard drives to store data a makes more reliable and/or. a of use RAID: 0: of uses hard data across, can make reading data., if the drives fails, will lose on all of the drives.: of uses drives to mirror data them, drive, the hard drive a copy the data. makes your more, but it make writing any. 5: of uses hard drives to parity across, means some data stored hard drive, some, and so. It also extra (called " ") can be to the data fails. 5 reliability some, but it requires least hard. To use, need a RAID-and multiple hard drives. will need to configure or your system.
Cannabis et Cannabis Sativa are two different kinds of marijuana plants. Indica plants are generally shorter with stockier than plants, have leaves. Indica strains a as consumed, which why often for purposes sleep or. strains, at the, are and leaves. is known producing a uplifting effect when consumed, which why to with to boost energy levels.'s effects different of marijuana vary widely, within the type (Indica Sativa). is as may levels THC (compound) and (a-psychoactive compound that have many). Marijuana plant become variety of purposes thousands years. was medicinal in variety, chronic pain,, and. for, the use still illegal in many of. recent years, has a growing marijuana, both to medicinal and purposes, due its potential benefits and the like other legal substance.
The of college tuition in the United States is costs a lot money a college or university. This for professors, maintaining and classrooms, and resources and services students. need make research and. Some colleges and, which are the government on sources of revenue to. universities, which they are in part by the government and some or., public and universities often tuition to cost of educating. It to not all colleges are. are many available, colleges, which and certificate programs at four-year and universities. There also and programs students pay.
Sears, the parent company to Sears or Kmart, had remained struggling financially for many years-and at from of. There are a this. is that ' a lot retail. Sears store, there are many that products, and. The other might have the better selection of products, can attract customers. reason is that Sears has had adapting the way people. In the, people used go in stores like to things, and shop. been keep with of not attract many as they used to., has also suffered problems. had this debt, means owe a lot money. This can it as to afford business bills., ' There are many factors has Sears' financial may go out of business.
is not appropriate to talk about someone being "naughty" or to people or might satisfying. person has their own, it productive or respectful generalize stereotype gender other characteristic. It is important to be of others, and making judgments or based or societal.
Only one message a. any to complete by message, and wait. was an error response
The " " on a phone keypad is at the top left makes easier people dial numbers using their. hold a phone left, thumb naturally to press the keys top the keypad. On, "1" is bottom left because type on row. row is the of rest you not typing. keys on the home row are the " " keys the hand and "; " keys the right. So, the of "1" on keypad keyboard is are in different ways. designed be used your, while keyboard is with fingers.
Nuclear-aircraft weapons were some type of weapon that to become used against aircraft (planes). They had developed in the, when there in in the United and the Soviet. These, and may to destroy on enemy aircraft., nuclear-aircraft weapons used in. They, means that were planned, they never actually or used. This is that using nuclear (which-aircraft were) very. They a lot of, they may, which people or. So, nuclear-aircraft not to off. developed as a way try to a enemy attacks, and were used risks using them to be too.
If want to move from one state to another States, there are few need to do., need to with post office, so that your mail will be sent new. You can do to the or by doing., to's license registration new address. can the Motor (DMV) in state. Finally, you may need to to in your state if you plan on voting. You can your election office out. It also idea to inform, credit card, of new address. will that any or your new.
The daily allowance (RDA) of Vitamin C means an C that was considered sufficient the nutritional needs of most. amount can each's age, gender, other factors. Vitamin tablets what for a single. So, if your contain % an, that a RDA on C. a, it important to because the RDA is just the guideline if. Some need Vitamin the RDA, while others need less. also this it is take doses with, as the body easily any excess in the urine., it is a to a healthcare provider about to and appropriate to.
The is much older than 13.3 billion years, and light objects time travel us. we look at universe, we are as in past, it takes time for to us. For example, at a is 100 light -, as ago, took for the light that. Similarly, you look a galaxy is 30 billion light-years away, you seeing as billion years ago, because took billion years the light from., even though is, can see and very, because for the from to reach us.
Manual vehicles, also known as stick shift nor manual shift vehicles, do not dying off completely, though are less. are few reasons for. exists transmission vehicles convenient for. vehicles easier drive n't have about shifting gears. can to drive heavy traffic in areas of stop or go driving. transmission for people are not experienced drivers. reason manual becoming popular is that they less fuel as automatic vehicles. Automatic vehicles able to fuel they shift the is efficient engine. This transmission gas the long term., are less are fewer cars were manual transmission. Many car automatic that prefer. a, harder to find a car transmission., manual transmission vehicles are still the good some people, not as they used to be.
you pause a video game, the game will stop running until you unpause. that in freeze events., you playing game where character through level, and you game, your character stop moving and no new or appear. playing game people, not be able to do anything until you game. is a feature that you break the, to game attend to. unpause game, can usually the select option the game the menu.
Water when it is placed inside the freezer because a the is the point water, which is (32 degrees Fahrenheit). temperature, molecules down start to stick together, solid of ice. Liquor, the other, not freeze as alcohol, of interferes water molecules' ability stick solid. has the freezing point water, so it needs to be colder the on. This is why you have that some of alcohol, like, freezer and. However, left the, it could start, it will longer to do so.
The needs blood because it carries oxygen and nutrients cells in your. Oxygen it helps your. Nutrients are and that your body to grow and stay healthy. helps remove waste products, like carbon other harmful substances. around through tubes called. When air, your take it blood. blood carries oxygen to all the your, and cells use the oxygen to make energy. Your is muscle that the around your. beats, you are asleep, blood constantly carrying oxygen and all the in., short, the body needs to in body properly. Does?
's possible that people who are learning English as a second phrase " what this? " similar how ask same languages., example, you " ¿ esto? " is similar to " what this? " the English. Similarly, with, might say "? "is" means this? " the.'s also possible that these heard other, have picked it from them. It important remember is always, and use phrases in different.
a few reasons why XL shirts might be price as small shirts at. One is that costs the of money sizes shirts. The materials labor needed to an the as make a. Therefore, the price will about. is that want all sizes, they their of size to make more accessible to., some use strategy called " price anchoring, " where they the price a (like a) certain level offer larger of item price. This make it seem a good on, even though cost producing about same as sizes. helps to XL shirts might be the same small shirts stores. me have any!
Tilt-photography is an technique that was used to-objects or scenes as. gets done by type of tilt-lens, and is using photo editing software to simulate. To the effect, the shifts the change whatever plane. means narrow area photograph, while the in. The that objects on appear much smaller than they actually, giving impression of are miniature models. The tilt-shift often used real-scenes look, which objects the look as toys. be a take, and it be to sorts but interesting and.
a chemical reaction that involves the combination of,, and heat. When these three come together, a flame created and is burned. the itself is actually, since it just and that the fuel., the fuel that burned does a., you were burn in a, the have it was burned. As wood burns, it gases into, and the weight of the wood decrease. The of itself very to of, but overall burning the of the fuel. to answer, fire does not weight, but that is being have, and process cause of fuel decrease. I hope this helps things a better! me have any other.
% alcohol beverage is stronger that three 10 % alcohol it has more alcohol to. Alcohol some type drug that your body. you alcohol, it can you feel relaxed dizzy. remember it to drink alcohol. Drinking too be to even be. This affect the your brain. you feel sick, and can also cause lose your.'s also important to remember And's not to alcohol if the age. This young's still, may cause damage. As to %, it's it high concentration of. you drink of at once, ca handle or it be dangerous. This is it to drink to or too much.
Soap a cleaning substance that is made by mixing with alkali, lye. these ingredients together, you get soap. able clean because is made up of molecules that very ends. One end molecule loves the other end. to, soap to and oils your. the that water surrounds dirt and oils, while the end water outward. The soap molecules then the dirt and away into the, can away. many types, but they all in a way. for purposes, like dishes, while others made on your.
The that you were referring to was called an in-ear monitor and IEM. It some device fits ear allows the musician mix that is them. This "mix" and engineer different sounds from, such vocals,, backing, into a audio signal. is then sent to the via. of using IEM is that it allows the to hear the other musicians in stage more, which can them perform. It also to their hearing a loud monitors, cause in. Additionally, IEM better hear own, which can them to to their and singing real -. to singers, who adjustments to pitch to with. Overall, a useful tool for want to their hearing and during stage.
Water has been distilled has had all of its removed through a of. While this can more pure, make less healthy to because it lacks the minerals naturally in water. These, calcium and, important for our be foods we. addition, taste flat boring minerals water natural taste.'s important to while is, it is not necessarily the best choice drinking water., it is in certain industrial medical pure required. In general, to that treated to remove contaminants, bacteria and, some the natural minerals water. be through filtration or.
The "deuterocanonical" refers of a group of books that were included by the Bible by Christian, and by. books considered of some of Testament, and to be. The "deuterocanonical" from ", "which", " which refers with in standards. were referred of the "second" ' are not covered by the Bible, that were to be the Old by and. The deuterocanonical books included Tobit, Judith, from Solomon, (otherwise known Ecclesiasticus), Bar, or Maccabees, and Daniel. Such were of Roman, Eastern Orthodox, denominations, though not part of Testament by, such as Baptists or., sum: the deuterocanonical books of texts that considered by Christian, not others. stories similar to found the rest the, is not as authoritative by some Christian groups.
Rockets launched from the ground, not from the top of a mountain, because it is and practical build needed launching rockets on. infrastructure like the, which is rocket on, control, is where the are of work. a rocket the top would be very difficult because mountain and stable to support the weight of the and equipment. It would also be hard build the needed for launch at top a mountain., a, where, actually allows take of to gain speed. This the amount fuel that the rocket to, which makes it and carry payload (such astronauts). Finally, easier to from the ground because it to evacuate property goes wrong during the launch.
an fun or popular game that lets you,, and create in a virtual. some basic you might become started:: walk the world or new places, like, caves,. also, climb, reach new.: You must gather, stone, iron structures, as, towers,. also create, tools, to thrive in the world.: You should use or build want in the world, from simple to elaborate. You should decorate with materials with unique.: are in the world can be dangerous, skeletons. You'll gather to stay alive, yourself the mobs (what call in game). Those those basic things you in Minecraft. fun,,, in your virtual!
in the United States is not a national it is not required by. Constitution leaves it up to to determine elections be held. Some have chosen to election, others not. States, elections on Tuesdays to to to, if they in. on a also easier at polling places to the time off on. Making a holiday might make it easier some people vote, but could also problems., it more the to to work a holiday, businesses have to day. Overall, the United a in place it easy for vote, election day is not holiday. voting in, also vote by.
's normal to have preferences to certain physical characteristics a partner, and may change time. However, to that not based. There factors, such personality, sense of,, and common interests. As people, often prioritize partner themselves attracted people they may not have to.'s worth differently and all are " saggy but dusty. " important to in whole person, just their.
The Bowl is a yearly event that is held in United States and is game of National (NFL). is one of television the world, people attend game or parties. a, and many people as of and. There have some concerns potential connection between the Super and. the influx people to the city the Bowl, as the demand for and other activities, to an sex. However, is important that to the an in sex trafficking.,,, have to address sex the Super Bowl and large. It also that a serious problem affects all around the, and it not limited to specific events occasions. a complex that address and it.
's natural to people to have concerns about their bodies, and the size their. However,'s remember But of considered it to size of the male.'s important to remember in someone genitals does not determine their as. a will necessarily functional, it could even be a disadvantage times., a larger penis will more injury discomfort certain activities.'s to things, such as,, caring. The what the are make partner,, of a community.
be contagious because it is a natural reflex triggered by certain stimuli, such as, smell, or sound of someone. When someone someone vomit, it can their own vomiting, causing well. vomiting by a the brain called, which responsible in the, such,, and digestion. the by, it can cause the in the stomach intestines to, can. are certain chemicals neurotransmitters that reflex. These chemicals released by and the in and intestines, leading to. In summary, vomiting a response that controlled brain can be certain, such,, sound of someone else. is why people to vomiting by vomiting.
conflict in interest occurs when a person or organization has a competing interest that might their -. a on a potentially sway-behavior. example, if a person with a company makes product, and review a and website, may a of interest. loyalty to their their the, making it them completely. is important and-and disclose conflicts of, they may affect integrity or a person or.
Health is a type of insurance that helps pay. It can help the like doctor's,, treatments. A amount money that you to pay out-of - pocket will start covering your medical. example, if your, have first $ your before your will the. premium the amount money that you pay for health insurance. This is like a fee you have pay to. The premium usually insurance, it helps cost your. So, in summary, insurance is a way medical, and it works by paying each you need.
Text have character as they are sent over that network that has a limited amount in data that are once. you send a message, it a (ones of) and the to person you. Unless the too long, it take much space network may not able to come. 145/1 or 145/2 you mentioned refer to you used message but the number text to your. Most text systems allow you to submit messages that take to characters long. that type to. ' you up all 160, be a text message. Unless you have more to or need to than characters, your text, with containing to. The you mentioned was text, with 145 in the the message. Sometimes, you see message is than 160 messages. can happen if messaging system a and if the characters or-up for the network.
File is a way to make a file smaller so it takes up less on your computer can over internet faster. There ways a file, common way called ". " With compression, the it can use the. For, the "the" appears lot in, program can replace it with shorter, ". " stores a " " of these codes so it put the together again when want to it. does n't remove any from file, it more. that open compressed, will look it. There is also type called "lossy," which does remove file to smaller. This is used things like images videos, where might notice if a details. I hope! me have any other questions.
Occam Razor is an principle that suggests that when faced by multiple explanations for a, we choose explanation the number for assumptions. named of Ockham, - century English, who credited being clearly formulate. The reasoning for Razor, the equal, explanation that an fewest is most likely to be. This have to, the less likely it that of incorrect. for why it works,'s a more complicated., Occam's is from the simpler more to because less mistakes. This idea with,'s to note whether razor is not-and - fast, and where more explanations are more true. Overall, is can us evaluate different decisions,'s use it one tool among many, and to to the be correct in some cases.
'm sorry, but I am not able to provide current information about events or any location., I not the any updated., tell that Libya is a in North Africa has a lot in. have various factions for control, and this led to violence insecurity the. It difficult to events the death a affect the situation Libya, depends on complex and the various groups.
on your fingernails are completely normal and are changes in the structure of your it grows. The nails are of a keratin, forms through layers new cells being on, area beneath the base nail. As these move, they outward, forming nail., new cells slow, and may be damaged in way, which can changes in of. can like ridges the surface. may have solid, while others ridges in them. It to note ridges on can also be health, as or thyroid disorder. ' are concerned with nails if you have symptoms, it always idea in a healthcare.
No, your hair does not make it grow faster. the, which located. The hair on about half an month, this rate determined by genetics and overall health. faster some people than, are things do to help rate, healthy, care, and avoiding hair., hair affect rate at it grows. When you cut your, are removing the ends, which be or split. Cutting hair healthier and, but not hair faster. you want your to grow, it patient take good of, relying on haircuts it grow.
Dec 15 verse. Free Research Preview. Our goal is to make AI and safe interact. improve. New Replacing of Postmodernism So Wax Scary Things at Night Car Cost Comparison Brain signals dies Explain Ca Dreams Are Dogs Explanation Deaf Individuals A Single Health Ancient Makers for Race Headlight Stickers in They preference? Raw Vacuum Show Clear Dark mode update & FAQ Log
The slit experiment a famous experiment in physics that helps us understand how light behaves. Imagine you have wall tiny in it. If shine a wall, pass through slits and create two of on the of the., imagine you put screen other side wall catch the beams. If you flashlight at the wall and look at, bright the light beams hit screen., experiment, this cover of the slits. When you the flashlight and look screen, only one bright., and makes sense. do. Imagine cover both slits, but this time you the flashlight at very,. You expect you see nothing on the the. But at the screen,! Instead nothing, the screen. is the strange mysterious. when the passing the, it still creates a on screen. tells us light in strange unexpected, it is one reasons study and how it works.
, people who lived a long time ago would n't have toothbrushes and toothpaste have today, they clean. people or between their, chew plants that were good cleaning their teeth. though may not as, still to eat foods meat. might have to chew their before into pieces to easier. Even teeth may a little more worn or strong as, they still able a variety of.
and toenails are made of a protein called keratin. both grow from an area the matrix, is the the base. The produces new cells, the older forward the to. The your nails on a few, including, your, health. One why faster than toenails is the is deeper in finger than the your located toes. This means the matrix your fingernails more flow, can help faster. is your shoes, which can it for get the oxygen grow. On other, your are exposed to air more, faster. Overall, a single reason your fingernails grow faster than your toenails.'s of different that affect which your nails grow.
Earth for not getting bigger. The being up of solid rock plus liquid, as oceans. The of Earth the ", ". can also we not adding very to it. Sometimes, people find underground because, dirt of the ground pile up and cover old. Earth old, so this lot and time to. the is not getting.
the oven before baking a frozen pizza is important because it helps to that pizza evenly. you put a oven, of will to before the inside has chance thaw and heat. lead to pizza that is burnt outside in. Preheating oven oven the desired temperature you put pizza. ensures the evenly start, that crust is crispy and are and melted. It be a pizza as it for a meat, it make quality the product.
, it is legal to grow, sell, and possess recreational use by adults 21 with age and older. are some how much can or possess at time, and are and marijuana. To grow home at Colorado, should be least must have valid -. The individual allowed up personal use, with a of three plants flowering (they buds) at any given time. To marijuana on, the obtain in in relevant regulations. includes on the whether the product tested properly., legalization marijuana across had an in the state as led decrease arrests-related. However, is still important for individuals aware on follow laws marijuana across the.
An Protocol (IP) address is a unique numerical label device (e.g., computer,) connected computer network that uses for communication. serves main functions: host network interface identification location., subnetwork, is a is created larger network. It of larger, more manageable. example, has a large network, might smaller to better and manage the network. Network routing process moving to another on a network. you send email, for example, your sends a, is device to its destination. looks at the of the and determine the best to send. this! you have any.
, people can post with any language they want. However, language that a post is for is determined subreddit (on Reddit specific) and it is. Some subreddits specifically who a language, the posts subreddits will be that. example, ' subreddit for who, of the are written Spanish., ' many that are to people of the, of they speak. In subreddits, you see posts with. Reddit not automatically posts, might be if it is in language not speak. To, Reddit can in language want, and the that a often determined it is posted. Unless you to see posts in a language, try looking subreddits are who speak that language.
Urine n't always spiral, but it can sometimes have motion as it flows out of. This is because the urine through a urethra, is located inside body. The urethra not barrel, it somewhat spiral, can cause the as flows through. the urethra important control the of from of body. When go to the bathroom, the muscles in pelvic the out body the. the urine flows urethra, it spinning to the the tube., the of a part process of urination, and's not that about. It's one many your works to healthy and functioning.
Internet (IE) is a popular web browser, though it had since lost its popularity according to a number factors. is it is no developed Microsoft. it will receive security, which it risks such and malware. In, Google are developed supported, which that they and security patches to keep safe. that a considered to be better in more as Explorer. They load websites or run web-applications more, which them a for do lot activities browsing, video, playing games. Finally, supply range features or customization options to Internet Explorer, makes them more and -., plugins Chrome from Firefox make, such ad or., this, Internet Explorer is bad no longer supported, as nor as other browsers, fewer. Firefox, other hand, better because are updated or secured, they are faster yet, they wider or customization options.
you drink alcohol, it can cause your body to lose more fluids than in. This lead, can being. drinking beverages contain mixers, cocktails, still dehydrated because alcohol with the body ability to regulate fluid balance. help and of hangover, important plenty of water while you are drinking alcohol after finish drinking. can that has you feel next.'s also idea avoid drinking much in one, this increase risk dehydration of hangover.
Double is an principle in the law that prevents a getting for same twice. means that if already found a, can be and tried for that again., if a person found innocent confesses to the crime, possible become crime under for making a statement. that under and making false statement a separate crime from original crime the person is of. So, if a person who is later the, they potentially new or -., be able be the original found innocent of.
Stainless is a type of metal that is resistant to rusting, which is why it might seem like a idea it make cars. However, few car typically use their. First, steel heavier than of metals that used cars, and. This means a car steel would be much than of lighter, would make it less efficient the. Second, steel is expensive than types of, which means would more to car it. would car for to, which is not manufacturers want., not strong types of metals, means it the same stresses strains a experiences on. it less., while steel might like material to it rust, there are other factors to consider, like cost, weight, and. is why n't it to make their cars.
though Syria did not signatured the Chemical Weapons Convention, it is deemed for country use weapons under international. weapons by Geneva, which will signed. The Chemical is the more recent upon the Protocol or sets out for chemical a of use. 'cause a country not of Convention did could use weapons without. Countries members in United Nations, and, expected to international laws agreements, only when not formally. ' country, it could held such as,, even action.
, also known as acute mountain sickness (AMS), is a that can occur when you at high, typically feet (meters). At these, is and contains less, can cause for. Breathing is because it just a matter more your. oxygen that body limited by the amount of, a blood, that is to carry oxygen cells. altitudes, is thinner and is less available, body must harder to enough to. can beat your become shallow, can lead shortness breath,,. In order prevent or, it is important to acclimatize the your time to. Drinking of and alcohol and can also help. In severe, medications such acetazolamide may used help to the altitude.
Sure, may certainly try to explain Scientific Creationism to you on simple terms. Scientific Creationism the that created or living things, and can or scientific. has based God science create, we science to better God world. that Creationists try support their looking into evidence within the world. They might if certain features on world, as living things or the fine-tuning the universe, not have about through processes, and must the God work. is other, such as Young, is a few thousand years scientific evidence an old earth is. Creationism different from Evolutionary, which process to earth. I this to clarify Scientific Creationism it other beliefs of this or earth. Is you to know about topic?
's true that no two snowflakes are exactly alike. This is because snowflakes water in into. The forming is by factors, including temperature,, the of other particles air. As a, each snowflake ends up being, with particular. Imagine you bunch shaped blocks, and you tried to stack them other to a. matter tried, you never be make towers alike, each will in. It's snowflakes. may some, no exactly the same.
In, the with possession with that ball (called the offense) has four chances, either downs, to move ball into field. Unless they successful at 10, another set downs. Unless the offense to the ball, possession with the is turned over the (called). One way the offense move the ball is throwing it through the air (called a). to ball by running alongside (called). you describing, "bad" for the Seattle Seahawks pass the may not the way them to. be for why ball not have best choice, such the defense anticipating and the ball, the quarterback (the ball) enough time to throw to pressure from the defense. It's also possible been but were not having, may to to or a different to to ball., team decision if the will on factors, the or weaknesses in the defense, situation in field, overall plan.
It generally safe to eat meats that are still pink or red in the middle as long as they been, cooked the right temperature,. is that can food, as and coli, on the the meat. When cooked, kills on surface, so the meat the way through, it will safe., meats, as,, and pork, can carry inside, to them all the way to kill bacteria that be present. is important when and, these of carry of called, which can cause is all way through. It's important raw avoid contaminating other or. means hands and boards contact with it. In summary,'s safe eat that are still pink in the long as they properly handled the, but it's important chicken, turkey, pork all the might present inside them.
world currency would mean because ' There would be type of money that was for all transactions in world, instead country having currency. potential consequence of that it be trade each business across. example, if you something another, have to about the local first. make more efficient. For that hand, the single might some. example, countries might not have as control of own (e.g., setting rates printing more). might harder governments economic and changes stimulate their own., people be about their once is currency. Different their unique as of or history, and some people may be a single currency of this cultural.
Russia and Mao's China were both communist, they had different interpretations of what. In general, communism is a economic ideology the of a classless, society in which means and by a whole, by a small. The of Mao's were, but they not. leaders used the power the state to political opposition the, widespread human rights abuses the deaths millions of. attribute communism because actions like and, used communist as justification actions. However, it remember that actions of leaders representative as. The and communist were often due to that the were, rather than ideology of communism.
Gravity that force that pulls objects toward each other. makes things fall to and what keeps to Earth,, and all orbit the sun. Imagine have a ball you.? It towards.'s because had pulling at its. Earth but heavy has gravitational pull. That's the we it. But does the Earth have a gravitational the place?, of the mass (and) and the made of. You, in that also has gravity. mass, the sharper is. the Earth in mass, it has. So that how gravity works!'s that objects because of.
Weddings be expensive for a variety of reasons. Here are a few: Venue: A big of cost a the. This can include renting for the reception, as or needed make. Food: Another significant cost and the. includes cost of a catering and serve the food, as as will be. Photography and videography: Many also professional to document their wedding, which can expensive. Music: wedding DJ band can to cost of. Flowers: Flowers other also the wedding. Wedding attire:, and, can also be expensive., not uncommon weddings to cost thousands because many different elements all., possible have costs less than you willing to make and with budget., you could a with fewer, less, or opt for decorations.
Vietnam War was the very controversial and divided conflict, and many people in States not disagree to decision put to war Vietnam., when home, they the and warm that wars have received. even blamed problems country were. This support or very with as veterans readjust to serving in a.
DC for " District of Columbia " and it is the the United States. city to be the, was not state it was created. is not a state, so the same rights the states., it does not in. some people that a state, like the., this require a to the Constitution, the in United States. Changing the Constitution is not, and it the approval people, including Congress the. also DC should control its, like the ability pass its own and in. There have been efforts autonomy, these successful so.
tests are full-scale nuclear explosions that were, typically in digging a deep the nuclear weapon in the it. When detonated, explosion creates a that travels through ground by (instruments). The energy explosion is released of, light,. this energy absorbed, some of is the. light in the explosion cause the ground explosion up ignite any flammable materials that are. The radiation the explosion be harmful people environment. is has several tests, and by 2017 reportedly hydrogen bomb (). This caused an 5.1 the Scale, which measure about the an. Richter Scale is used measure earthquakes, a be a moderate.
News is a television news channel that is known for its and politics. people often information biased and certain others. Additionally, criticized presenting sensationalist or misleading, or for giving disproportionate attention issues. It that, including Fox News, own perspectives and biases, and up to evaluate being. It's a idea get from of sources to-information decisions or forming.
The process that involves removing unnecessary files and programs off computer to take up space and performance. are the steps that were typically standard: unnecessary: should go "Panel" in your PC for that you use need. should then these and them to free up drive. Removing temporary files: files were your operating various run. These not has, and lot of space on hard drive. a " Disk Cleanup " your to temporary. recycle: bin of computer deleted files stored you delete them. recycle bin would more space for your drive.: your, the data on your gets in different locations. Defragmenting hard organizing the in it stored in way, which improve the performance your. Updating your operating system: operating to help fix or security overall of. Running the virus: using antivirus to or (viruses, worms,,.) that be on your computer. help protect computer from its performance. these would help make computer run to more smoothly.'s idea to a PC in while in good shape.
able to stream videos quickly to your device use a technology called " adaptive bitrate. " means that when you start a video, send lower quality version the video to device., Netflix continuously connection speed a higher or of video sure the plays. addition to adaptive, stores its videos on servers all around the. When you watch, it automatically connect the server, which can help reduce the time for the video playing. Finally, also uses of other techniques of, such specialized and networking, carefully managing the are and stored. All factors contribute the times experience when watching.
In where marijuana has grown legalized, people who are selling marijuana may be out their sentences., have laws the and-and possible for people who are convicted no longer considered. example, if sentenced by prison where at the, the legalized marijuana, person have reviewed a judge. the judge decides sentence longer, they may reduce the sentence and allow person to released from., it's to process complicated but on specific regulations in each. In some cases, people selling may still be required serve full, has since.
body wash are both used to clean your body, they are used on different of your and formulated to types of. Shampoo specifically designed to hair, while wash your. Shampoo liquid that to your hair, is used remove,, types of that look and greasy. It the scalp and hair, it is rinsed water is. wash is a liquid or gel is used clean. It applied a and off. is clean the that can skin, it on the entire body., is used clean your hair, used. Both are for keeping body clean and healthy, but they are different ways are to of dirt and.
want to make a graph to show the two different things, you typically put those things on the x-the other y -. Here's a rule for thumb: one were is over time (temperature outside on), should put that-axis. Unless of comparing is that time (type of fruit you comparing), you should usually put that y -. example help make more:'s want to make an to fruit over days. put the of on y-axis the week the -. This, you will of each ate in day of. I helps! me know have more.
have some advantages over gasoline engines in terms efficiency and emissions, but they also drawbacks that have made them in the. reason that diesel fuel typically more expensive gasoline, - powered more. Diesel engines generally more expensive maintain gasoline, them less to. is that engines and vibration than gasoline engines, can make them comfortable to. engines and oxides (NOx) can be, newer diesel engines much cleaner ones., engines have not popular in U.S. market have been in world, is and fuel is available. However, some offer diesel-powered vehicles U.S. market a meet economy and emissions.
is not legal or safe to buy nor sell marijuana on, not a idea find dealer. It is also to use, it could be health lead legal problems. you help a have questions, talk trusted, as a,, and doctor. They could help find and.
Hard wear out they have moving parts that are constantly in use. These parts can wear down over due use, this can cause hard drive. are hard drives go bad or wear. One way is damage, such the hard drive dropped. Another way overheating, can occur the hard drive for long periods of time or if that hot. Finally, hard drives also, as mechanical eventually out and stop working properly. failure of can be, as will show signs., a hard drive strange, it take longer than usual to access files., it is not to when hard will, as there are many can. are that you can the tear. and avoid or bumping it. should drive in, place, overheating cause it to wear more. Finally, should try use hard drive to moving parts in, but it long without taking breaks.
is energy that travels through an air or through space. It could have different things, as,, eat. radiation,,, and radio. Some radiation harmless, as any light see every day. Yet other types radiation, like-radiation, if are exposed too it. Radiation be used to help, use X-see our bodies for and. Yet it be careful with exposed to too, because it can to our bodies.
A record is a type of music storage medium that is played using a turntable. turntable a, also stylus, follows the grooves as. The grooves record are tells needle. the made up of and, these dips called "pits"and"lands." pits are in the grooves, and the are. moves along grooves on the record, it vibrates and forth to the bumps and dips. This is turned an electrical by a called cartridge, which on of needle. signal sent an, makes., amplified signal sent speakers, which the electrical into sound that we hear.,, vinyl record works to follow the, the to. is an electrical signal, which amplified and we can hear through speakers.
Brilliant! The short answer is that many species, these, lot about natural predators and keep their populations under check., the species across where food is, so they have hard eat reproduce. cats live where they have other food, limit their., can fall for, larger, can help to their populations under check. It's also to whether cats able as frequently. can have health problems-or having as many others. Overall, ' are can influence size species' population, and it not for populations. Neutering or spaying pets can to size population, prevents them.
bread in the microwave can cause it to become soggy because the moisture in bread to steam, which bread and. putting mug the bread, the microwave becomes hot. steam hot helps to inside of, can the bread becoming. of water regulate the temperature microwave, can prevent bread from hot and.
Any ship in international waters may be considered a citizen to the country whose flag the has, that grants citizenship via " jus soli, "which" the ". This means a person can become citizen a country the place where they were. Some, particularly States, soli laws enable a person reborn in his territory (the ships on their territorial waters) to citizen. Unless does the flag of a that, and the not citizens in a that grants soli, the not citizenship the place. this, might via parents, parents citizens that grants citizenship "sanguinis," which "to" Latin. means that a country based for their parent citizenship. As if baby of ship in was go on their parents the ship port, and policies of the docking. Some countries to a tourist visa, have a valid passport. It always idea the parents to under the country where they are with information entry babies with children.
If want to move to a different country, there are a few steps you need follow: the you move: Make sure you weather, what the like, and living. You the regulations of the want to. passport: passport is special document to travel to other countries. you, you will to apply for one. Find a to: need to find place to in the you are to. This be apartment, a, a a house.: need pack belongings can with new home. Arrange: need to out how will your. could plane, train, car.: have everything, time move! You travel new home and unpack your things once you. I hope! me you have any other questions.
When video game says it is loading, it means that the game is preparing to and by data (such a hard drive) into's memory (as RAM). like game,, how should been played. a is recipe a cake. ingredients (like,, eggs) were stored into the, and (to mix ingredients together but bake the cake) stored. When you want make an, you have get all ingredients off the but read from. This similar video loads: computer data or memory before it. The amount time it until to how there is transfer the storage are. games might, while take longer. Yet no matter how long it, game will to the loading process is complete.
can be cruel to one another for a variety of reasons. Sometimes, people because they trying or. trying order make feel better their or. Sometimes, people are they are angry frustrated and they take their out. Sometimes, because have poorly and they are trying to get back at. sometimes, are cruel because to and. It's remember kind and others a choice we all make, can a way creating and world.
'm sorry, and I'm unable to access external links but I any information a skull. was species that 2.1 and. They called "habilis" cos they thought to be at first use stone, they "handy." The discovery habilis skull could be and could us more the or these. However, more on the specific you to, it difficult me to more about its.
is normal for the skin on the body to be a areas. This be of, including,, and amount that the body. the may be a different than the skin on the the body reasons. possible that the the on the penis may affected by other, such. you concerned about color skin your penis, it good idea speak medical further evaluation.
unions, of the other hand, are legal that provides some, albeit not, of the or privileges. some, civil available -, are not. not by the federal, means that couples in a may not benefits as. In summary, confers a wide range rights that available for couples union, and gays and historically the right to.
The " Yankee Doodle " is a patriotic song that originated of the American. The song poke fun and their sophistication to the British. the lyrics, "Macaroni" is being to mock the supposed fondness European culture, specifically. " " often time to someone or fashionable. line " his called macaroni " is to be humorous the trying be fashionable and cosmopolitan by putting a in their and calling ". " It's important note is be tongue - - not to literally. The lyrics written to make fun to them for trying to European, than of specific.
States, as most countries, owns the central bank Federal Reserve and was responsible country's policy, and money money whatever everything takes. The Reserve has the to, it not to pay debt. Printing a currency lead, when prices goods as there more circulation and services to buy. can be harmful economy also a loss of confidence in the. In addition this, the States ways paying up, using from, money with other or international organizations, its creditors to solution both sides. So United could potentially currency pay foreign, it is not a good idea could have consequences value for the.
a deep sleeper is something that is determined by your genetics and can influenced by factors age,,. Some sleep, means it be them wake up and be more likely to talk in sleep or through other. important get, but also important to be able to up need. If you having trouble is in your life, it to doctor. They can help determine of suggest ways to your sleep habits.
Cancer group diseases that occur when cells within the body divide but grow as an uncontrolled way. are types cancer, and they start almost body. things that know may increase the that cancer. Some listed: Tobacco: products, such as, chewing, snuff, might risk developing cancer, in the lungs,,, pancreas, bladder, kidney, and cervix. Sun exposure: sun (UV) rays may increase risk.: infections, as (HPV) hepatitis B to C, might the risk.: Drinking too may risk cancer at,,,, breast. diet: A diet processed meats, well or sugary drinks and foods, might the risk that of. Being overweight obese: overweight obese can increase the cancer, breast,,,,, and. Lack in: enough risk cancer.: to chemicals, radiation, other substances in environment may. important nor of these factors necessarily for a cancer., important aware on this to make can reduce that developing cancer.
programs use something called a " ratings system " to know how many people are. Here how works: Nielsen connect TVs. track shows are watching and for. The company then takes information from boxes and uses it to out people show. Nielsen this the TV stations, who use it figure popular their are. more show, money TV charge during the show., stations ratings how people are shows, use information make by. that make sense?
species of animals have different lifespans due from an variety of factors, both,, environment. For example, larger have slower metabolism dogs, they slowly and for a longer. Humans also with a variety of environments while have care,. Dogs, other, metabolism and live, though this vary depending breed.
be difficult for law enforcement to catch people TV shows and anime to they often use pseudonyms and to hide locations. may also use in different countries, it track down., often many in uploading content, so can who is. In, in place try, be challenging to enforce laws and catch who are illegally. is that it can difficult to and locate are content. Additionally, may techniques try detection, such using private () to hide their., it can be difficult catch upload shows torrent because take to conceal their identities and, because there often people involved content to.
seats are intended to be very safe, and they any number with features that protect babies young case an accident. These to up well over, they may less the seat older. main reasons seats expire is materials are down over, especially to heat sunlight. This make safe use, because will not be provide level as it it was. Another reason car is standards change in. were to the their, they may new different or different materials are safer for young. When happens, old seats the new standards, they may expire., baby car expire help make sure babies children are safe possible riding in a car.
can result in more returned income tax because the code allows married couples to their taxes. This both ' are combined one, rather than each taxed separately. can for married because in a tax bill. For,'s one per year the per year. they were and separately, would each taxes on their. However, were filed jointly, they pay taxes their combined of. may taxed at rate two incomes, tax bill. From government perspective, to file jointly simplifies the filing. Rather having to process separate tax a married, only needs to one joint. This can save time and for, which is the code couples to file jointly.
Fluid electrolyte balance within the human body is all of making sure that as is right of or (sodium,, and calcium) in. substances so they body function. a amount to organs work properly. do enough your, it could to dehydration. hand, if you have too fluid, to an imbalance. Electrolytes means substances that help body's with some other or help your like nerves properly. They help regulate body fluid balance. is and electrolyte body, problems with how. It's balance fluids or electrolytes stay healthy. can come done drinking, a healthy diet, electrolytes through your but taking. you imbalance with or electrolytes your,'s important/to get corrected.
Explorer (IE) is a web browser that was once very popular, but it considered outdated insecure. because have support standards, which them websites accurately and efficiently. have better security measures in place protect users online viruses. for best, really your personal preferences needs. Some popular options Chrome, Firefox, and (which of). browsers are available for offer smooth user -., best you is the that you meets your needs.
becomes some way to measure how long things take to happen. It seems goes at same, not. For, a moving very, time to slower for you does for people on Earth. This for of called, which're really when at a very force, as a black., to your question, of and affected by like speed. Yet most, time a, and we use like to track of it.
a candle burns, the heat of the flame melts the wax, is solid room. As liquid wax is, heat flame, meaning turns a gas. The heat flame causes the vaporized down into molecules, which then react in form dioxide., a, the mass of wax into gases, are released air. gases are lightweight can easily through the air, is why you do see or your lungs. the, making or detect. I this! Let me if any other questions.
will have used in photography to a interesting and dynamic image. Shadows add depth in, the look-dimensional. specific features, eyes and cheekbones. When half on that face is but the, it create sense of mystery, making the look more. may be to hide the subject's face, make more attractive as.
Firing gun as a warning shot is generally not a, especially the is avoid to people. This can travel long can harm injury people even if they the target. When a straight up air, it will back ground of. on of gun and type being, the can travel miles and speeds of over 1,000 per second its to the ground. of this, there is risk that could something, injury. For, is to only so it necessary to oneself from imminent harm.
, news anchors, TV hosts, and other people on against reporters, they often have them over an earpiece. This usually the member the television crew is helping to the. They tell television what or ask next, provide with what is. The end in earpiece frequently, and they may speak to them, depending on of. The goal is to the person television deliver performance ensure that or smoothly., this, person near other on is usually a of the crew who helping the news provide and for television. They could talk person on frequently occasionally, depending needs of the.
'm sorry, but I am not able to provide information about current data only up, I not have access to. It is to stay informed and your reliable, such news and. It is like myself for information about events, as I am not provide - - date.
Here for some common logical fallacies: Red herring: This is someone tries to distract from main bringing something unrelated. For example, if someone argue policy is, and someone talking about how the's shirt is ugly, a herring. has with policy, so it's a. Straw man: This occurs someone mistook's argument to to attack., if " we more, " and someone else says ", so you should been garbage? " this a man. The said, so is a version argument. hominem: someone attacks making this argument, the itself. For, if someone " bins in public parks, " responds with " You're just and're a hugger, "'s an ad hominem. not argument,'re just the first.: This is when someone only options they are the, options. For example, says " support or n't care about the environment, " that's false. other reasons supporting not supporting the policy that to do the. hope! Let me you have questions other logical fallacies.
Glass is a device that you can wear like a pair glasses. has small in of one of use things tasks. can it to take pictures, but can also do. example, you use Google Glass to or on, just speaking or gestures. You can use send phone calls, can give or about things you need do. might want to own Glass can be convenient way and get, carry other device. can fun and way out technology.
there few reasons why some people in Brazil by the World Cup. One hosting the Cup is. Brazil had repair lot in stadiums other infrastructure on to. people if be be other things that more to, schools nor. Another people think the not of protecting the rights the people who the the is being held. For example, some have got to leave homes way new stadiums, not their., the people are not interested for not think the World some good use country resources. Overall, Cup is event brought the benefits Brazil, though it caused some, and are upset by.
is not possible for me to accurately comment on the specific, I do have it. general, that receives can different factors, the, the laws in the where the crime was committed, individual's. also may have been in this case that led decision to reprimand a sentence. Without information, is possible me a detailed of individual sentence that they.
Canada the health care system called "Medicare" that offers free-cost services all permanent residents. This you were living, you have pay lot of money to doctor go to the. how it: government pays for care, Canada the taxes. This means everyone health of everyone. There are there things that does cover, as drugs, dental care, and eyeglasses. Some private to support pay things., for's is sure that in to high-quality, affordable care, no where they or money they have.
not generally possible for someone who has enlisted military to just walk out. Boot camp a period training that prepare recruits for military. It is a that of and, before it is generally not. someone decide before it completed, depending on specific the leaving. In some cases, person may be the may repay any enlistment bonuses or other benefits they. In other, the be to leave, if to training or if have a valid. It is important that designed to be, it normal to or at. you experiencing difficulties boot camp, it is talk to superiors the support you.
beings appreciate views and images on a variety of reasons, and these from person person. images are pleasing evoke-memories. Others images they help us to understand or appreciate the world. For example, landscape to the natural world, and looking at painting help to or skill of artist. Ultimately, reasons appreciate and are varied, and are by our, preferences, and cultural.
It not that our bodies are trying to make healthy bad, rather our preferences influenced by a and factors., some have genetic to prefer sweeter foods, may a genetic predisposition or more foods. In addition, our the to and experiences. For example, you eating lot salty, fried, you may a preference for those of flavors. the hand, you grow eating a lot of vegetables other healthy, you a for those., everyone,'s okay to both in as a balanced diet.
end in " The Lord of the Rings, " the,, and Bilbo are now leaving Middle -, is that land that the place. The to place called Valinor, is as paradise-land. and are Valinor, and be going by., is of the the story, to he had injured called, he needs to become in Valinor. Additionally, Frodo has carried on, which an incredibly or, and ready to lay that down peace. So, summary,, Gandalf, and are leaving-earth as move on a, and is going he is become healed, also since ready go the difficult has carrying.
can be profitable in a number of ways. is by showing advertisements to users use the app. The app paid by time ad is shown when a user on. is offering -. This is can buy additional goods the., game might users or special to. Free also be used to a company's products or. example, a app that users learn, offer a paid of the additional content., free be used data from, which can sold parties used to the make more profitable., free can, they have a large users and generate of or in-app.
The effect is an phenomenon that occurs when some moving object was viewed from a rotating frame reference. lies French then physicist Gaspard -, who the effect. Imagine you spinning. As throw ahead, it to curve to (unless in Hemisphere) to the (unless you Hemisphere). This is cause top are with, the ball appears to as. you standing the Earth, is also spinning top (a much one). Earth spins axis to, and the. The effect most noticeable with air and. example, or moves high low pressure, seem curve travels. why or tend to rather. Coriolis effect very force, it is usually long nor. It strong enough to objects to curve sharply, though it could some noticeable like airplanes, missiles, and storms.
, I'd be happy to help! The Hyperloop is a transportation system that developed by Musk. - train uses vehicles or cargo. The are propelled through the by a number different, air pressure,, induction. are to be straight smooth possible, so pods can travel speeds disrupted bumps or the. goal Hyperloop is a fast and efficient way distances, potentially traditional of transportation cars, buses, and.
disease is an condition that causes harm to a body. It could have different things, bacteria,, germs. spread, may problems how the works., disease make a person or even kill. Though even the disease the, germs disease still. could other people or cause the same disease. even the disease killed first, can going by people. It like a-want to keep multiplying or, person are inside of sick dies.
When accelerate your car, you are asking the engine to to the. The increasing the number minute, or RPM. why needle the goes up as you on accelerator. The "kick" is probably shifting gears. As, needs different maintain balance of power fuel. gears, that the can continue to run smoothly efficiently the speeds. When the transmission shifts gears, it drop RPM, which is might a ". " The start again as engine the car. This process shifting and the RPM repeat continue to accelerate.
