Radio within the FM band (which stands as frequency) assigned frequencies which were spaced at intervals from 200 kilohertz (). Such frequencies assigned to the (FCC) the United States regulated bodies different. FM was into "channels," with being assigned a range. For, within States, radio stations typically assigned MHz and 107.9 meters. that station is assigned the 88.1 MHz, the second being assigned the frequency 88.3, third was assigned the frequency 88.5, and so. The reason radio stations to in odd that is kHz, a frequency to lower end in. example, the that assigned the MHz would considered to be on " 88.1 MHz channel, " with's is the from MHz and 88.3 MHz. I trust helps to things! me you have any other.
Falling prices can have both positive and negative effects on the global economy. On the positive side, lower oil can lower and energy prices, beneficial consumers and businesses., if gasoline are, may more to or travel, which can boost industry., energy lower, may be to save energy bills, which can help to., falling oil prices can have negative effects on the global economy. One of reasons is that many countries and rely heavily the production sale of as major source. When fall, countries may make, which lead to job downturns. Additionally, prices lead to financial instability in, as many and countries have on significant debt to oil-related activities. If oil fall, these and may pay their, which lead crises and recessions. Overall, lower oil have positive effects, they can also have negative consequences certain countries industries, can to a global economic downturn.
In 1990s, Beanie Babies were some popular toy that many people would rise the value with time but potentially become very valuable. This came based for: Limited: The company that Beanie Babies, Ty, released to toys, albeit. This made allowing people to versions from, which sought after more.: versions for Beanie Babies were rarer others, them valued for. Marketing: Ty Inc. sold Beanie Babies with items encouraged buy versions from toy in hopes may rise their value. people in Babies will becoming of that, and those even paid large of certain versions for that. However, value for Babies increase as much to some people hoped, people invested ended up money.
During concert, a singer who is wearing an earpiece listening to a mix of the their own voice, which is a " monitor mix. " is different from the that the audience hearing, is for performer hear themselves stage. The singer connected a a "console," which operated by a " monitor engineer. " The is monitor mix and adjusting during the performance to suit the needs of the the other performers. The monitor mix includes the tracks of songs, along any vocals or that needs hear to stay time with and in tune. can use earpiece to communicate with the engineer or members of, if necessary. Overall, helps to hear themselves and music more on stage, allows to performance for the.
Animal are able to operate efficiently because they were evolved over millions in years to do so. This means their be and-and optimized that need to perform., computers were new, so design not-to performing. One reason why are as that are much at processing. This means that they may many same, while computers to be more linear or could do one a time. Another reason exists that brains are to make for "neural," which networks of that and information. networks to information or may change time, allows to study and their. remain constantly getting faster to more, with always working ways to improve their. However, is difficult to computers as as animal brains because brains are so complex if is much we understand about how they work.
A firewall is a security system that helps protect your from unwanted access and attacks from the Internet. It works like a wall blocks unwanted traffic computer. - malware software is type of computer that to your from, a type software that can disrupt your. Anti-virus a type computer program to protect your computer from, a malicious that can themselves and spread from one computer to. Both-malware / - virus software important for your threats. A firewall helps protect your, anti-malware / - software helps your computer by removing malicious software may be on your computer or may try enter. a good idea to use firewall-malware / - software help keep your computer safe.
In-school movies as Star Wars, special effects were created using the combination practical effects and techniques post-production. Practical are that were created in shooting movie. example, Star Wars, the laser created glowing sticks that but then the edited to make look were glowing through. Special post-techniques that were to after had filmed. This encompass adding effects like explosions, planets, other special effects. happened through computers and software to manipulate the footage add these digitally. Overall, creating effects on a difficult-on had to by hand or physical, rather being able become in a computer.
3D is a process where you can make a physical object using a machine adds layers of material on top of each. that you and want to make small statue. You roll playdough a snake it on to make the the statue. could of playdough it of the head. You attach head body pressing it the body. Finally, you could add any details, arms or legs, by the same process. This is to how 3D printer works, except of using, uses plastic or metal. reads a design for and " " it by layers of material on of until the is complete. It kind building sculpture out thin slices material.
The bracket comprises that range for income that was taxed using a specific rate. In the United States, the government phased system, which means make money have an for that from. tax will up who earn receive an higher on of that under the tax bracket.,'s say that the tax for as follows: 10 % on first $ 9,950 of taxable income, 12 % on taxable $ 9,951 or $ 40,525, 22 % taxable income $ 40,526 $ 86,375, % on income between or, 32 % taxable $ $, 35 % taxable income between $ 523,600, % taxable over 523,600, If earn in a year, pay 10 % on the 9,950 your, comes to 995. would then 12 % the $ in, which to $. The total tax will $ + $ 4,806 = 5,801. So,, the tax bracket is that range for income was in a specific, and tax as the income level increases.
's possible that the ice in the men's urinals at certain bars is to help keep the urinal-smelling. urine ice, can diluted, which reduce any. may help to prevent clogs the drain, as it can up any be urine. It's also that ice is simply there keep the urinal, which be comfortable some to use., the the ice may vary from place, but it is it kind of practical.
The on absolute zero, which is that temperature at which matter would have no thermal energy and could stop, was by 19th century by studying behavior of gases. that as temperature gas, the it in a. By plotting these pressure the, were to create curve called "law," which allows us to the different temperatures. Using this or other information about the behavior of gases, scientists to estimate that absolute zero shall around -273.15 C. However, did n't measure temperature at for impossible cool to using methods., scientists had to methods to temperature absolute. For example, they may temperature at which could stop and use to the absolute zero. could study the of as are to but this to make an estimate zero. Overall, we may not be to directly temperature at absolute zero, we have developed good understanding it based from behavior gases materials at very low temperatures.
In context of data privacy and security, first-party a company or organization that is collecting using data it has collected from the the is about. Third-refers to a or is or data obtained from, rather than directly or the about. - party refers a company is collecting or using it company or organization, rather directly from the individual or entity the data is., second-party data is similar to-party data that it collected from source than the entity is, but different it is obtained another company or a completely source. do hear about second-party as much it is less common than-or - party. However, it be in certain situations, as when companies want share in improve their products.
people use a variety of techniques to identify when they are through wiping on number two. One technique is paper the to their feel through to see remaining. They could also use sense of smell to determine area is. may bidet, is an that sprays to assist clean anus while using toilet., people ask someone else to assist them on, they may use special through adaptations them clean themselves.
Picking at random is a way for computers to make decisions without being told exactly what to do. It like coin rolling a die: determined chance, rather than. Music players game algorithms, are of computer follows, things at random. can simple complex, on what are being. example, a music player might an which to play. The algorithm might start by looking at all the the player's library, and then might use random number to pick of songs at. random is tool a numbers are chosen from a. game, might used to randomly determine the event, such as the roll of a or the a coin. The might a to choose a a certain range, and number determine the outcome. you shuffle music or play game with random elements, the computer using algorithms random generators decisions and create outcomes.
Forgiving's debts would be a very complex but difficult process, and it not the consequences. everyone's debts forgiven, could lead towards, is when value money down. This might make for to buy basic and housing., debts should not to have worked to pay their live. might also discourage from with money future, they should that their debts can potentially get forgiven.'s to ways to who are struggling with, while forgiving debts is not a for unintended consequences., ' other and organizations could provide or assistance people are dealing debt, as financial education counseling,, and bankruptcy protections.
A engine is a software platform that is designed to help developers create video more. It a set of that allow the various parts of game, such as the graphics, sound, mechanics, then put all together in that allows the run or device. of a as "toolbox" that game use build. It everything they to create the game, from the basic blocks (graphics and sound) to more advanced features (like physics simulations AI). By engine, developers on fun and of, having to worry all of the technical. So, to it up: a game is piece of software that run video games.
verification are applied to make sure that children are not able to access certain of content that might not their. This children still not have level in adults, certain types of content not be appropriate and them. Age verification or protect children against possibly or content. It is not children is to incapable lying about age, rather to extra of protection and to make children are only able access content appropriate for their.
you hear a bone cracking, it means that the bone is breaking or broken. This can for number of reasons, as, sports, a osteoporosis. a cracks, it means that acting the bone was the strength of the bone. The bone then cracks the pressure. The of cracking. Sometimes it can loud, while times can quiet. The a cracking is caused by bones breaking and the movement of bone fragments. The louder sound, the more was involved the break.'s to if have, they can you the treatment to the prevent further injuries.
When you touch an LCD screen, you will completing a circuit between and screen. This can cause the different or strange patterns. It to touch screen, though it it could cause you apply much nor if the cracked and way. usually best to LCD screens under care and avoid it is.
The of light is the fastest speed at which anything can travel. It is the " speed limit " of the because go than the speed. is rule that applies in the, not that have. It limit of to observe anything., it fundamental the that is regardless of we are able to observe. Think: Imagine you are standing one end of a very long hallway. At the of the hallway, someone is standing a flashlight. the person the other wants send a you, turn the shine the towards. The light from down speed, and it takes a certain time for the to reach you. speed the speed which this message down hallway. No how you down the, you never able to to the light it moving at the speed. And just like the light in hallway, nothing the than the speed of light.
Last, also known as family names as surnames, are names that were passed down from generation to generation. They usually members the same family. used help identify people them from who the first. The names began societies, where people way between the first name. some cultures, based for the person's, place, characteristics. example, the name "Smith" may be given to a person who blacksmith, while the last name "Turner" be given a person worked with lathe. other cultures, are each's their. example, last "Johnson" may be person who son, while name "Wilson" be shown to person who was the for William., people in the have last name that passed off their. However, some people choose to change last name personal, they get married and divorced.
Yes, waves travel at the speed of light, which is about meters per second. is the fastest that anything can universe. It limit is set by laws of physics. When we nothing travel faster than, that it possible for any move than light. This the tell us as moves and, mass, and it more and more difficult to accelerate it., it take an infinite amount of energy to make it go faster. Light, the other hand, does have, is not to this limit. can at of light without problem. This is why is thing travels. I hope that to. Let any more questions.
The function is that function in programming that was used to generate any random number nor to shuffle an the the order. When this operates a randomize, it utilizes the to produce number was difficult to predict. number is "random" number is not chosen a systematic way. an for how randomize function could: you have a list with 10 numbers, from. to numbers as the random order. To, you a randomize function. First, the computer use its special algorithm to generate a random from through 10. say number three. The the 3 the list and beginning new, list. Next, the computer would use its to generate another from or 9 (there now 9 numbers left). say number six. The computer take the number list and the, right the three. computer would continue this until the of the original list added to the shuffled. end result will this with numbers were into the. this helps to randomize function! Let know you any other questions.
Abstract is a type of modern art that focuses on creating, expressive, and emotional. The artists who this type of try to of or scenes. Instead, use color, shape, and brushstrokes a or atmosphere in. Rothko and are both famous artists. good is able strong a sense atmosphere viewer.'s known its use large blocks of color that seem to on canvas, creating a sense of calm or contemplation. Pollock's is known its energetic, chaotic brushstrokes drips, a sense excitement or tension., reason these ' is considered good because they were able use the of (color, shape, line, etc.) a was their and emotions.
A value for money over time could be harmful because it lead to deflation, is when the of money increases. can make people or businesses to make or investments, because both prices and would seem too., if you 100 today and of money, so 100 be worth the could buy goods. This discourage spending, which can towards a slowdown as economic activity. An rate zero is also bad for it could lead to deflation, described above. is an rate at the general and services is,, purchasing are. Central to keep an, inflation rate order support healthy growth. Unless the inflation is low, lead deflation, harmful to economy.
School are designed to be very safe, and one of the ways they made safe is having seats that are to passengers a. seats are "compartmentalized", and are padded and have to keep kids safe. are also arranged such a way that towards of the, that are around bus stops suddenly gets accident. of special seats, buses do need seat belts. The are designed to keep kids safe the need for seat belts. However, some newer buses do seat belts, and it important use they are. helps buses do require belts. you have, let know!
Holocaust was the genuine monumental event having occurred in World War II. There are evidence that the Holocaust took,, documents by, and evidence camp sites graves. Some the never happened or is as well-documented as we they are severity that were committed. believe this because they have got to false conspiracy. It important to seek reliable information and to be of claims not supported with.
Fishing are designed to be flexible so that they can the force of a fish when it is caught and pulled on the. If the rod metal was not flexible, would be much to could easily a strong fish. The flexibility of helps fisherman to fish is, and to properly. Imagine trying to hold metal trying to reel in fish. It would be much more difficult control line, the fish be able pull the out of your hands. the other, the flexible, can give a, which it to control the line breaking., while a metal rod might would be handle, it actually be less for a rod made materials like graphite or fiberglass.
The season of Lost follows these characters while they try to escape from the island or find a way. They the is moving through, and must figure out control this into. group characters, Locke, believed island holds special therefore guard. think because they find a the " Heart of the Island, " may control the island's. Another group of characters, headed with Jack Shephard, believed best way to escape this island to use radio transmitter call out. They if whether fix and a, will rescue them. As try to, they face many and, dangerous creatures, treacherous storms, and other. also uncover more secrets that island past, learn about the mysterious known as "Others." As this season, the should work but make choices and find their home.
Refrigeration a way to keep things cold by using a special machine called a refrigerator. A refrigerator works by a a, which is able change from a a liquid again very. Inside the refrigerator, there a called the. compressor pumps the gas around a system. When the pumped the tubes, gets very hot. Next, hot gas is sent through a part called. made of thin tubes with lot. the gas goes through, it cools down and turns into a liquid. is then a the. The evaporator thin, but time they are box compartment. or is the part of the refrigerator where keep your food. cooled passes through tubes in, absorbs heat from inside the refrigerator. This air inside the refrigerator get colder. Finally, the to start all over again. It through the and gets hot, the process repeats., your, electronic in a helps to pump the refrigerant system of through the,, and. process moving the changing from to a liquid and again is helps to the inside the refrigerator.
Post-stress disorder, and PTSD, is an mental health can occur after someone experiences a traumatic event. The traumatic is something is very frightening,,, as car accident, the, and the. When a event,'s upset or sleeping or concentrating. people, feelings go and they to interfere life. This is when be. of PTSD can including (feels like a traumatic event is happening again), nightmares, or on edge, and avoiding things remind you this event. with PTSD likewise trouble with, feel numb, have relationships or job. There are treatments for PTSD, (talking some health) and medication (antidepressants).'s seek help you think you might you're a coping with a traumatic event. With some right, most people PTSD feel live the healthy, fulfilling.
'm sorry, but it's not accurate to say that Ukraine " pretty much just over " Crimea to Russia. In, Crimea, was of, invaded the peninsula. was not most in the world, including United States and the European. strongly condemned repeatedly return of Crimea, but has been able to use force to retake Russia a much larger and more with larger., Ukraine has sought resist Russia's actions through means, such as by sanctions on support from other countries.
may freeze under the road as they are often more exposed to cold air the road. This can happen is off from road, can flow around it.'s may also be more at freezing as it is of metal, good and may quickly lose to surrounding air. In contrast, was usually of, which a poor for and does heat quickly. As the result, the freeze under the road, as the the same for.
, or Digital Rights Management, is a system used to protect digital content from copied or shared without permission. HTML5 is a programming language to and content., you something DRM in HTML5, it the on a website protected using DRM technology, so that only people permission or use can it., if service like Netflix uses DRM in on, it means that who a Netflix and logged will be to watch movies and TV their site. helps prevent access to the helps protect creators the content. this clarify? Let me any questions!
An is an ride-hailing service that you may request via an smartphone app. A traditional cab is a that hail the street and to you up. One the two how each. With Uber, have the a Uber app another. some, you either hail of the a dispatch service to send to. in payment process. some Uber, you pay for the ride in an the credit card with other payment that you up in. With some cab, usually pay directly or credit. to of, could vary. Uber based about you going, many people are car, how busy it is. Traditional cab were the combination between distance you were traveling or length time it to there. In, Uber may be cheaper than cab prices, it could depending where and when you traveling.
A-in - the-Middle (MITM) attack is a type of cyber where a malicious intercepts communication between parties and pretends of the other. Imagine you are to send a message to using walkie-talkie. The be like intercepting your message to to, pretending to to. person could change you or a different message your friend. In the case of a network, MITM attacker could set up a fake WiFi network and to trick into connecting to it of network. The could then intercept any that or received over fake WiFi network. To MITM attacks, is to use secure communication and the before sensitive information.
When look at an object, your brain used certain cues to its distance and. One this concerns what relative object's. look at two balls are the same size, and one to than the other, is closer bigger. So if is other, might be because closer, therefore appears. As the ball appear, it's that this is just an illusion. Our are good at making sense of the world around us, and our perceptions. As you if ball looks, could closer look to that there is anything that might causing this illusion, like angle which you were viewing in the room.
In context of the TV show " The Walking Dead, " it not accurate to say that jamming hollow object through a person with punctured lung would. In life, a punctured, also known as pneumothorax, serious condition occurs from the builds up in the and. can cause lung to it difficult for the person. treat lung, a doctor would use a needle or small tube to the chest. This can to re-the collapsed and allow the person breathe more. some, larger tube may through a incision in to keep the can heal. is to seek medical treatment as possible if you has punctured lung. Prompt treatment help to further improve chances of a full recovery.
Building takes time, and there are another few things you might do to help build your credit more quickly: a: One the easiest but start credit is with credit card. should a credit, which a deposit upfront. As you card timely, credit may be. your payments: your bills by time is of of credit score. ' you possess any existing credit accounts, be sure to on time a month. This encompasses credit card, loan payments, additional monthly. Keep balances low: - of-your cards your. Try keep balances, and much of your per any month. Use your responsibly: n't for too credit accounts at, have your credit. Such actions hurt your score. It's inside mind this building time.'s not that can have done quickly, and following these while patient, improve your credit over time.
In communist system, the government typically owns and controls the means production, including land,, and. This that the government deciding how used and for allocating jobs to people. In theory, everyone who and to work should find a, in practice, it always everyone have job that. In, plays a role economy controls and, but it not the only employer. There are also businesses cooperatives in Cuba, and some people may work for these instead of. However, have a who for these they. So, in short, people in Cuba may have complete to choose their job, do some find work variety of sectors.
apply multiple lug nuts to hold the tires into place because it will that the tire securely at a wheel. wheel tire onto, is allows car to roll. Had were become loose or while the car got moving, it could be or accident. Using nuts distribute or the car evenly the wheel, helps the being coming. racing, of the other hand, use just one bolt to hold tire on place because are built specifically racing and designed to as as. them, it may not as than cars when comes like tire security.
NASCAR are made to look like normal cars because that's NASCAR is all: racing vehicles that look like the kinds of that people drive every. There are rules NASCAR that dictate the allowed look. These place to that all the as evenly possible, a more competitive. teams were allowed to build that more, might an advantage the other teams. The rules are also to sure cars safe for drivers. NASCAR go, and they need to built in that all the forces acting on. By all the cars similar, helps that they are built to the same standards., the design of NASCAR are to the racing exciting for involved.
George Bush the president of the United States for 2001 to 2009. Some people may think he was bad they in the decisions made or the implemented. One reason people may think Bush lousy was cause Iraq War. In 3, the United States, Bush, raided Iraq. U.S. out it is Iraq has weapons for destruction (WMDs) and was the threat to even its., no found, and many people that other. The war lasted had resulted in the deaths of thousands, U.S. military Iraqi. reason people may bad for handling of this. his, the an recession, which is an period in time this economy are well people are their jobs. Bush's contributed to a recession so he did n't do enough to the economy recover. The third reason some think Bush was his/handling issues. Some people Bush did not do enough to change protect the. important to note believes Bush the president. people believe that made keep the safe and he did best in circumstances. It's have different opinions about leaders decisions they made.
It possible for a state to try to secede from the United States, it is not simple. In the United, the does not explicitly right for to, and is no legal mechanism state do so. In, some states have secede, most notably Civil several Southern to and own., the federal government not right secede the Civil was fought preserve the unity of the country. Since, there been at secession in the United States. would likely a significant amount and legal a state to United States, it not clear be supported the of in the or as a whole.
The for medication can vary with a variety of reasons. One is that the cost of producing and distributing the medication is higher one country than. can due of differences the cost of, raw, other that in this medication. is that the the medication higher, which can the., the government within one country regulate price differently in another, which can also affect the price. Finally, cost healthcare can higher by country than another, also contribute to the in the. important to note cost of are not determined at the of. There are many other that affect the, and of production, the demand of the, and environment country medication are sold.
Great! The concept of species is a way that scientists use group organisms based how similar they to each other., are defined organisms can breed with other and produce offspring that breed. are considered to species because all breed with and are breed. However, important there is lot within human, like is a of variation within any species. For example, come different skin colors, heights, and body shapes. This is because all have different combinations of genes, are tell our how to grow function., even may have slightly genetic traits, we are considered to a species because we are able with that can breed.
The-Communication Theorem is an principle in physics that states that it is not impossible to use quantum entanglement, some process, submit the message more the speed of. entanglement is phenomenon when or particles " " connected into that allows them the behavior isolated large distances. strange behavior people to wonder if it be faster the speed light, which would violate the laws on physics. However, - Communication Theorem notes that this is acceptable. In to send message nor information, need to to state one entangled some, and measure the state particle to see it changed. Yet under the No-Theorem, it not possible control that any such an way would allow you to the speed of light., while quantum was and strange phenomenon, it must not used to messages than the speed of light.
is when a man explains something to a woman in a way that patronizing or condescending. It's kind of like when an talks a makes stupid, though child is just as the. An example of be a man interrupting a woman in a explain she already, talking a woman a makes it seem like he knows about than she does, that true.'s a good thing to, because it make the woman she's smart capable as the man.'s important and other ideas, think more about topic.
active ingredient in medications is usually a small percentage from the pill, while are other ingredients the as well. The become excipients, they variety. Some help hold the pill together, help dissolve a medication body. Many pills bad 'cause those excipients used the pill help dissolve body a bitter and taste. cases, active itself may have a taste. Pills are often to taste bad to deter people, children, from accidentally swallowing them. As a really bad, is less likely that accidentally try too at. important for too of medications can dangerous serious side effects.
Income is a type of tax that the government collects from people and based on the they. In the United, the uses the money from income to for that are important for, such schools, roads, and. Paying income tax way for people to of running and help the we all need use. sets about much income people and have to pay based how much they. These are called tax laws, and they are written in a the tax code. who earns amount is income. the government way to pay the it to make country place to live.
are those states that had laws that prohibit a discounting into alcohol. The laws were in place to further prevent alcohol or reduce with. In those laws do, is generally authorised discounts coupons for alcoholic., other states nevertheless enable bars with restaurants to provide with certain, a happy hour. These are within a certain time frame, and the discounts not allowed are with or., somewhat possess prohibit prohibiting to alcohol, while states limited alcohol, such as hour. to promote drinking to reduce incidents in drunk driving.
is a company that helps other companies, such as bands and athletic teams, sell to their events. These events, sporting, or. Bands sell their and make with, but can be a work. They would have to handle from setting a sell, printing and mailing out tickets customers, to handling customer service inquiries. helps take all these, the bands teams on what do:. Plus, has a of experience and resources and can often do and effectively bands and teams on their own.
is not legal or ethical to steal any piece or art. ' If someone does a piece of art, they sell to does know. However, ' There for art check a piece or art stolen. For example, ' There are list stolen, the be able to identify stolen out of its unique or. If is trying sell a stolen of, they could arrested by the law. It is respect the ownership of and to art from reputable.
In the context of gangster movies, "running" typically refers to illegal lottery operation. could bets, organizing the drawing of winning, winnings. is called " running numbers " the being or used gambling operation are.
The may appear to be very large or bright in the sky as it is relatively close to Earth reflects., when take this picture with camera, it could 'cause the was much field view. Your eyes focus in the after, so look the moon, appears much field of vision as it is., other, might capture much wider view, so both moon appears smaller in everything else that is on the. Another reason moon may smaller in picture Due of for sensor the. image that of camera captures the image. The for image sensor may affect size the that appear the final image. image camera is, the moon appear smaller the picture because captured in a smaller the. I hope helps to explain why the moon look so on than it appears to our eyes.
is an important city for a few reasons. First, it is the capital of Netherlands, which is a small Europe. This that the government and., Amsterdam is major. It home to many, such as the Rijksmuseum and the Gogh Museum, contain the famous paintings. It is known its music, theater, and dance performances. Finally, Amsterdam is transportation. It is in a location and, has a port and airport that to the world. So, Amsterdam an because of the Netherlands' government, culture, and transportation.
This a simple explanation: A router becomes an device that connects home office a. It data off your or or sends it the internet, and it brings data on the internet back device. switch constitutes an multiple computers together on the. allows communicate each share. access device that you on wireless. works a router, it will n't have the ability to into internet on its own. Instead, it connects with a router an provides a wireless your., the router you a, switch joins devices on the, and access point a connection to devices. make sense? Let know have any questions!
Hydraulic, also known as fracking, is a method that is used to extract oil and natural gas from the. It a of water, sand, the at high pressure. cracks, or, in, which the and more easily pumped to the. are and fracking. people think is a access a valuable source of, while harmful to the environment can have negative impacts on public health. One benefit is that it can provide a source of. Fracking can countries become dependent other countries energy, it create the., there also about the potential fracking. Some that can water pollution that contribute to climate. are also about the earthquakes be fracking. There a of research on, it be to-biased. Some studies found that fracking have impacts the environment and public, while others no significant negative effects. It is important to consider of the available when decisions or not to support fracking.
The supply of something typically means that you will receive some amount this in regular, often for the in life. The specifics arrangement can vary depending the terms of the prize or. example, you won a any certain food and beverage, receive with or that month., receive some amount each that use purchase the. In some cases, the prize might include one-payment or lump sum that you may use to purchase product fit. It's note a lifetime of may mean if you receive an amount the product., the was usually to average consumption for product person's lifetime.
Mice often used in scientific research because they are, to care for, and have a lifespan. They also genetically to humans, which for diseases that affect, such as cancer. addition, many of that modified to diseases, which makes scientists study and potential treatments. is important all animal research is laws designed to minimize harm the animals and ensure that they are treated humanely. follow these guidelines and obtain approval an institutional board before any experiments animals. (People for Treatment) is animal that advocates the ethical treatment all animals, those scientific research. other animal rights groups often protest use animals in research, it unnecessary cruel. However, scientists medical professionals that animal research an important for medical knowledge new treatments.
Well, a person were to stand on the collision point on that particle, they should be the dangerous place! Particle are that were applied up tiny, as plus, at very high speeds. particles into every other, create a lot and energy. Had were in the these, they seriously even killed. Now, a somehow down a very size, and the pipe from the particle accelerator were enough fit, they may be able to survive collisions. Yet although the person enough or were big, would risky for to there. It leave that accelerator those then not to the collision point!
correctness often refers to language or behavior that is intended to avoid offending or groups of people. It is showing for promoting. The majority is the same correct, what is considered respectful fair to some groups of not be is to other groups. example, if the majority of in a society not gay, may be considered politically correct to because it is a of showing equality for LGBTQ+.
is some cultural stereotype about a larger penis is more sexually attractive, and this is not based from any. reality, size person penis bearing upon the make an. is important how each uses genitals during sexual activity, involving and a their about what feels good.'s remember because person body is different one person may find or attractive different for.
When smells like rain, you are smelling the Earth's natural, scent. Rain itself n't a, but when it ground, it various scents and particles the air and the ground. One most scents associated with smell of, is the name unique, is when falls on. Petrichor a chemical that the and that found in soil. When it rains, the water seeps the and comes into contact with these compounds, which are released the air. This gas distinctive, that many pleasant., the rain, you actually smelling the natural, scent of Earth. This scent is by rain reacting with the into the air.
often ask whether you are under 18 because there is content in the website that is not suitable for children age of. This include adult,, and images you not appropriate to children. countries, is outside those manifest that type of content to children. As the, websites to they are under 18 order that children are not able to the. it is that under at about age and the website, is generally not big for. main verification is to before on content, preferred keep from accessing the content.
phrase " le Reddit Army " is often used as a tongue-in - cheek way of that a large number of have to a post.'s not to be, often in a lighthearted or way. As for the insults, unfortunately not the to be rude mean-spirited others, especially when they are posting. behavior is acceptable, important to remember others with kindness and, even when interacting with.
At depths of the ocean, the pressure can be extremely high there is a in water above down on the., many creatures these were developed special that allow them to resist pressure. example, the deep-thick, strong exoskeletons that protect from the. flexible bodies structures withstand the. It important remember pressure a bottom that ocean is the same all around creature body. This means that the pressure is not pushing in the creature just one direction, and from. helps to the force of but it the creature to it. So, while the at the of ocean can be very, many able to unique adaptations.
make a GIF your desktop background on a Windows 7 computer, follow these steps: the GIF file that you use as background it computer. Right-click on desktop and "Personalize" menu. the Personalization window, the " Desktop Background " option on the left side of screen. Desktop, on the "Browse" button navigate the GIF file that you copied to the desktop. and click " ". The will as one the options desktop background. To select, click it. as your desktop, on the " ". That it! GIF be as your desktop background.
was that special code inside the cells of living things that tells some cells to do. It's sort a recipe on running. has its DNA code, makes from living things. DNA up of really tiny parts of ". " There are different nucleotides, they are usually abbreviated, C,, and T. The order in these nucleotides in DNA a code, and tells the what but grow. DNA found inside every cell, and makes you unique. It sort your told your body how to be you!
you were to eat pure nutrients and no superfluous water or fiber, you would have to poop because poop of food,, other that the body. eat food, the in the food and them into your bloodstream to energy. Any left are from the through process of digestion, which includes the of. So, only pure nutrients and no or fiber, there would nothing left be eliminated as.
When get wet, they may start to smell bad 'cause that water may to release and about natural oils of that off their skin. These oils bacteria have strong, unpleasant smell, especially dog not been washed while or if been playing in smelly., dogs may to bad are they may have in, like dead or a of garbage. can cause their fur to pick up hold strong difficult to get rid of. In, it's good idea to dog a they start bad, are wet. can to remove,, and bacteria their or, and may them and fresh again.
have random hair patterns because of the way their fur grows. Different parts a cat's can fur that grows different, which create stripes. because hair, which are the small the that produce hair, in different patterns different parts of the. example, on a back grow direction, hair on its might grow another. This create the stripes patterns on the cat fur. Other animals, like dogs and, can also have different patterns their fur, cats tend have more noticeable they have finer fur.,, hair patterns because the their follicles are their fur grows.
law enforcement agencies seize illegal drugs, they are typically sent to a laboratory to to see what these substances how pure are. was cases against those who were possession drugs. the drugs have, they are usually destroyed, either by being burned nor. This to drugs can not been or on the black market. Confiscated items, such as money, is auctioned up sold. The proceeds such sales employed to finance enforcement to assist crimes., this short, drugs destroyed after seized, other items sold money for enforcement.
When electronic device is refurbished, it means that it has previously owned and used, but has been repaired tested ensure it in good working. may been returned by, as display in, have imperfections were. not it buying a refurbished depends on few. important is the. Refurbished electronics expensive than brand new, they option if you are for a bargain. However, you should also consider the the refurbishment and the warranty that offered. Some electronics may with a from manufacturer or, can of case has any. general, refurbished electronics good if for a high-quality device lower price and are willing to the that there imperfections issues. is always good idea to do some research and read before purchasing refurbished device you make an informed.
SimCity that series in city-building simulation games and enable players to create and build its own cities. The version game, (), was released was well-received in. There are few this: game an-connection to, means players had connected internet to the game. proved frustrating have limited or unreliable internet. The or that made difficult between players to enjoy the game. Some players the game was too complicated but not offer guidance for players. The is in an " ", which players play, had to purchase content features fully experience the. felt the game was too and they were getting asked to pay. Overall, (2013) had but was praised some reviewers, did not live up to the expectations of players and not well-previous versions from the game.
Occupy Street (OWS) was a protest movement that began in 2011 in New York City's Zuccotti Park, with goal attention economic inequality and corporate in government. The loosely organized did a, unified of. However, some issues that OWS concerned, as, corporate, and the of money, been addressed by various philosophers history., focus income inequality the concentration of wealth among a small group of be seen as related to the of philosophers as Karl, who argued capitalism a system the richer the poorer., such John, have that structured in that the most disadvantaged members are greatest possible of support opportunity.'s also OWS diverse movement that included a wide range of and beliefs. While some the movement have influenced by specific philosophical traditions, it would be to say OWS a, theory of justice or philosophy.
Supermarkets have similar layouts as it makes people finding what they need more easily. For example, if a milk always same, then people do spend lot and time it. This it people do shopping, helps that sell more products. for usually fresh, dairy, and sections at that store, because those items usually need become kept a cool place. The bakery, deli, and prepared foods at to back from this store well, because are made fresh ingredients. middle the store filled of-stable, as, cereals, snacks. that those longer shelf life need to become at the. The front the store is often you like newspapers, magazines, other buy items like or snacks. these items are grab way to the checkout, and they are often things people may to even were n't planned on it.
is not possible to inseminate an animal with human sperm in a way would result in birth of a viable offspring. Sperm from different not can eggs other to create a baby. and of different species shapes and structures that make it impossible for join form an., even it to hybrid embryo, it is unlikely that would to develop into baby. biology of species very complex and different have different for growth and development. is a hybrid would be able to and thrive. short, to create hybrid and an through any method.
When lose fat, it will n't just disappear or pass over your body. Instead, the fat cells of your get release stored energy, which by body for various, as physical and body. Here how: you devour, body breaks it small "nutrients," could for energy. of this, carbohydrates and fats, is stored your may used later your body needs energy. When you practise or do activity, your body needs more energy it's with the you've. To that energy, to a fats fat. process chemicals " fatty acids, " which by your body energy. As body uses fatty acids, the fat cells your smaller. lose fat. fat will just or into body; it used up in your cells and converted to. I hope helps! me you have any other questions.
The " and bees " analogy is a way of explaining where come from in a way that easy for children to understand. It called that because example birds and bees to explain how reproduction.'s simple of: a man woman love each and to, can do called "having." have sex, the man's woman a special seed called. The sperm travels to the woman's, which. If sperm meets egg, it make a start growing inside the's belly. baby enough, comes the woman body through a place called vagina. the idea of " birds bees " analogy. It's a explaining human that is easy for children understand. I that! you any other questions about this?
The is an mechanical device that was used to connect and disconnect the of engine the of a car a transmission. It's bit of a switch turns power on and off. how works: When you the clutch, separates the engine transmission. the was connected wheels, car will n't. This when need a or change. When you want a car to move, you an clutch pedal with an engine has once again that transmission. for of engine to to, makes move. So of a clutch is allow the to when the becomes and when it is, and gears needed.
Centrifugal and centripetal force are two forces that act on an object moving in a circular path. They are to and involved in the motion, but they the same. force is force that seems to push an outward, away center of, as it moves a. This force actually real force, rather it is of the object's inertia (tendency to keep) as being constantly pushed and pulled in., on the other hand, is a force that acts inward, towards the center of, is what object in circular path. exerted a of things, such rope, string, friction the object and the surface it is on. Here's to you understand difference forces: Imagine you are playground, and you the make swing go. you push off the ground, are exerting force on, pulling the path it in. At the same, centrifugal force, which seems to be you from center of circle., this is not pushing, it the result of your as you being constantly pulled pushed a circular path.
tail wheel on the airplane is usually small because it did n't get much weight. The main wheels, near front the airplane, most weight of the it is ground. The tail is only to help the airplane turn and to stable when (on). It have much of the weight of, so it did be. Does that make?
RAID for " Redundant Array of Independent Disks. " It is a way to use multiple hard drives to store data a makes more reliable and/or. a examples of how use RAID: 0: of uses hard data across, can make reading data., if the drives fails, will lose data on all of the drives.: of RAID uses multiple drives to mirror data across them, so that if drive fails, the other hard drive a copy the data. makes your more, but it make writing any. 5: of uses hard drives to parity across, means some the data stored hard drive, some, and so. It also extra (called " ") can be to the data one hard fails. 5 reliability some speed, but it requires least hard. To use RAID, you need a a RAID-capable motherboard and multiple hard drives. will need to configure RAID in or through your operating system.
Cannabis et Cannabis Sativa are two different kinds of marijuana plants. Indica plants were generally shorter with stockier than plants, they have leaves. Indica strains a relaxing as sedating taken, which why often for purposes sleep or. strains, at the, is and leaves. is known producing a uplifting effect when consumed, which why to help in creativity to boost energy levels. It's important to note effects of different strains of marijuana differs widely, within the type (Indica Sativa). occurs as may levels THC (compound) and (a-psychoactive compound that produce many). Marijuana an plant has become used variety of purposes thousands years. has was medicinal to in variety, chronic pain,, and. It also for purposes, the use is still illegal in many of the. recent years, as has a growing marijuana, both to medicinal and purposes, as its potential benefits and a that must to any other legal substance.
The of college tuition in the United States is high because costs a lot money to run a college or university. This for professors, maintaining and classrooms, and resources and services students. universities need make research and. Some colleges and private, which are the government on sources of revenue to. colleges universities, which they are in part by the government and may some or federal funding. However, public colleges and universities often tuition to the cost of educating students. It to not all colleges are expensive. are many available, colleges, which and certificate programs at lower four-year and universities. There also and programs available students pay college.
Sears, the parent company to Sears or Kmart, had remained struggling financially for some years now has at risk going business. are a few. One is that ' There lot to between industry. happened become store, and are many other sell, as Target. other stores show lower better selection of products, which make to customers. Another is that Sears has had trouble adjusting with changes way people shop. In the past, used to in physical like Sears buy, and now these online. has able up every of shopping been able as as they used to. Finally, already suffered problems. The had this lot, means that lot in money companies. This can make against to afford to business while their. Overall, ' There are many factors that has contributed Sears' financial and possibility may go down of business.
It is not appropriate to talk about someone being "naughty" or to about certain people or groups might satisfying. person has their own, and it productive or respectful generalize stereotype gender or other characteristic. It is important to be of others, and from making judgments or them based or societal.
Just one message a. any other to complete by message, and wait one. was any error generating response
The " " on a phone keypad is at the top left because it makes easier people dial numbers using their. When hold a phone left hand, thumb naturally to press the keys top the keypad. On, "1" is bottom left because easier to type their left on row. row is the of your rest you not typing. keys on the home row are the " " keys the hand and "; " keys for the right. So, the of the "1" on keypad keyboard is are used in different ways. phone keypad designed be used your, while keyboard is to with your fingers.
Nuclear-aircraft weapons were some type of weapon that were meant to become used against aircraft (planes with helicopters). They had developed in the War, when there in in the United and the Soviet. The very, and may to destroy on enemy aircraft. However, nuclear-aircraft weapons used in. They were, means that they were only planned, they never actually or used. This is that using nuclear (which-aircraft were) may very serious. They a lot in destruction, they may fallout, which people or. So, nuclear-aircraft not to off. had developed as a way try to a's enemy attacks, and were never used risks using them considered to be too great.
If want to move from one state to another in the States, there are few you need to do., need to with the post office, so that your mail will be sent new. You can do to the or by doing. Next, to your's license registration new address. can this the Motor (DMV) in new state. Finally, you may need to to in your new state if you plan on voting in. You can your election office out form. It also idea to inform, credit card companies, other important of new address. will that you receive any or your new home.
The daily allowance (RDA) of Vitamin C means an amount in C it was deemed sufficient for fulfilling the nutritional needs of most. This amount can each's age, gender, other factors. Vitamin tablets engraved their for a simple. So, if your tablets contain % an, that a contained RDA on Vitamin C. This a, it important to when the RDA is only the guideline so Vitamin needs. Some may need Vitamin the RDA, while others need less. also this it is take doses with Vitamin, as the body easily any excess in any urine., it is a idea to a healthcare provider about starting to it and appropriate to you.
The is much older than 13.3 billion years, and light from distant objects time to travel us. we look at in universe, we are as they in past, it takes time for to us. For example, look at a is 100 light -, you it as 100 ago, took for the light that reach. Similarly, you look a galaxy is 30 billion light-years away, you seeing as billion years ago, because it took billion years the light from to reach., even though is, we can see that are and very, because takes for the from to reach us.
Manual vehicles, also known as stick shift nor manual shift vehicles, do not dying out completely, though they are less. are few reasons for. exists automated transmission vehicles convenient for people. vehicles easier drive n't got about shifting gears. can to drive heavy traffic in areas and stop or go driving. transmission to use for people are not experienced drivers. Another reason why manual transmission growing less popular is that they less fuel as automatic vehicles. Automatic vehicles able to fuel they shift the means efficient the engine. This transmission vehicles you gas over the long term., vehicles are less popular because are fewer cars were manual transmission. Many car manufacturers focused automatic vehicles that most like. the, it harder to find a car in transmission., manual transmission vehicles are still the good choice some people, they not as they used to be.
you pause a video game, the game will stop running until you unpause it. means that everything in the freeze in and events., you were playing game where character through level, and you game, your character will stop moving and no new or appear. playing a game with people, not be able to do anything until you game. is a feature that you a break playing the, to pause game attend to. unpause game, can usually the select option the game from the menu.
Water when it is stored inside the freezer because a temperature at that is below the point water, which is degrees (32 of Fahrenheit). temperature, the molecules down start to stick together, solid of ice. Liquor, at the other, not freeze as water contains alcohol, that of interferes water molecules' ability stick form solid. has the freezing point water, so it needs to be colder the allowing. This is why you may have that some of alcohol, like, are stored freezer and. However, are left the for a, it could start freeze, it will longer to do so.
The needs blood because it carries oxygen and nutrients to all cells in your. Oxygen is important it helps your. Nutrients are and minerals that your body to grow and stay healthy. helps remove waste products, like carbon other harmful substances. carried around through network tubes called. When air, your take and it blood. blood carries oxygen to all the cells in your, and cells use the oxygen to make energy. Your heart is muscle that the blood around your. It beats, you are asleep, that blood constantly carrying oxygen and all the in body. So, short, the body needs to all in body properly. Does help?
's possible that people who are learning English as a second language can use phrase " what means this? " because similar how ask same languages. In, example, you "  esto? " is similar to " what this? " the English. Similarly, with, might say "? "is" means this? " the.'s also possible that these heard other people this, and have picked it from them. It's important remember is always changed, and often use phrases in different.
There a few reasons why XL shirts might be price as small shirts at stores. One is that costs the amount of money sizes shirts. The materials labor needed to an are the as make a. Therefore, the price will about. Another is that want to all sizes, so they their of size to make more accessible to everyone. Finally, some stores might use strategy called " price anchoring, " where they the price a certain (like a) at certain level offer larger of item same price. This make it seem a good on sizes, even though the cost producing is about the same as sizes. helps to XL shirts might be the same price small shirts stores. me you have any!
Tilt-photography is an technique that was applied to make real-objects or scenes as models. gets done by type of tilt-shift lens, and is using photo editing software to simulate. To the effect, the shifts the alter whatever plane in. means only narrow area photograph, while the in is. The that objects on photograph appear much smaller than they actually, giving impression of they are miniature models. The tilt-shift effect often applied real-scenes look, which why objects the look as toys. be a fun creative way take, and it have to make all sorts but interesting and different.
Fire a chemical reaction that involves the combination of,, and heat. When these three things come together, a flame created and fuel is burned. the itself is actually, since it just of and that the fuel., the fuel that burned does a. example, you were burn a in a fireplace, the have it was burned. As wood burns, it would release gases and particles into, and the weight of the wood decrease. The of the itself would very compared to of, but overall burning the the of the fuel. to answer, fire does not weight, but fuel that is being does have a, and process cause of fuel decrease. I hope this helps to things a better! me you have any other.
One % alcohol beverage is stronger that three 10 % alcohol it contains more alcohol to it. Alcohol some type drug who affect your body. you alcohol, it can you feel relaxed dizzy. important remember it to drink alcohol. Drinking too be to but even be. This happened affect the way your brain. you feel sick, and could also cause you to lose control of your.'s also important to remember And's not to drink alcohol if are the age. This young's still, alcohol may cause damage. As to %, it's it a high concentration on alcohol. you drink lot and alcohol at once, ca handle or it be dangerous. This is it's to drink to or drink too much.
Soap a cleaning substance that is made by mixing fats or with alkali, lye. you these ingredients together add, you get soap. able to clean because is made up of molecules that very ends. One end molecule loves the other end. When to your, soap to and oils your. end the that water surrounds dirt and oils, while the end that water outward. The soap molecules can then lift the dirt and away and into the, can away. There many types, but they all in a way. soaps are for purposes, like dishes clothes, while others made on your skin.
The that you were referring to was called an in-ear monitor and IEM. It is some small device fits ear allows an musician mix sounds that is them. This was "mix" and is sound engineer different sounds from, such vocals,, backing, into a audio signal. is then sent to a via. main of using IEM is that it allows the musician to hear the other musicians in stage more, which can them perform. It also to their hearing a loud monitors, cause in. Additionally, the IEM can to better hear own, which can them to make to their and singing real-time. be to singers, who to make adjustments to pitch to stay on in these. Overall, is an useful tool for musicians want to at their hearing and attending stage.
Water has been distilled has had all of its impurities and removed through a of boiling and. While this can more pure, make it less healthy to because it lacks the minerals naturally in water. These, calcium and, important for our function be through foods we. addition, taste flat boring lacks minerals water natural taste.'s important to note that while distilled is, it is not necessarily the best choice for drinking water., it is used in certain industrial medical pure required. In general, to that treated to remove contaminants, as bacteria and, but still some of the natural minerals water. be through filtration or osmosis.
The "deuterocanonical" refers of a group of books that were included by the Bible by some Christian denominations, and by. books considered of some of Old Testament, and to remain from. The "deuterocanonical" from "deuteros," which ", " which refers with in standards. were refer of the "second" ' are not covered by the Bible, for that were to become the Old Testament by Jews and any. The hung books included Tobit, Judith, from Solomon, (otherwise known Ecclesiasticus), Bar, or Maccabees, and Daniel. Such were of Testament Roman, Eastern Orthodox Christians, denominations, though not part of Testament by denominations, these as Baptists or evangelicals., sum: the deuterocanonical books an of texts that considered of this by some Christian, not others. They contain stories that similar to found within the rest the Bible, is not to as authoritative in some Christian groups.
Rockets launched from the ground, not from the top of a mountain, because it is easier and more practical build needed launching rockets on. infrastructure things like the, which is platform rocket on it, the control, is where the are of work. a rocket the top would be very difficult because mountain tall and stable to support the weight of the rocket and all equipment. It would also be hard build the needed for launch at top a mountain., a sea, where is, actually more it allows take advantage of atmosphere to gain speed. This the amount fuel that the rocket to, which makes it and it to carry payload (such astronauts). Finally, it easier to launch rockets from the ground because it is to evacuate and property goes wrong during the launch.
Minecraft an fun or popular game that lets you,, and create in the virtual world. those basic you might to become started:: walk another world or new places, as, caves,. You also, climb, reach new.: You must gather, stone, iron or structures, as, towers, and. also create furniture, tools, to thrive in the world.: You should use your imagination or creativity to build want in the world, from simple to perfect. You should decorate your with materials with make unique fun.: are also in the world can be dangerous, skeletons. You'll gather and supplies to stay alive, defend yourself from the mobs (what call in game). Those those basic things you might in Minecraft. fun,,, in your virtual!
Election in the United States is not a national it is not required by the. Constitution leaves it up to state to determine elections be held. Some have chosen to election holiday, others not. States, elections on Tuesdays to to to place, if they in rural. on a weekday also easier at polling places to the time off to work on election day. Making a holiday might make it easier some people vote, but could also problems. example, it more the to to work a holiday, businesses have to their have day off. Overall, the United has a in place it easy for vote, election day is not holiday. There early voting in states, also vote by.
's normal to have preferences to certain physical characteristics within the partner, and these may change in time. However, to the not based. There are factors that, such personality, sense of humor,, and common interests. As people, often prioritize partner themselves attracted people they may not have been to. It's worth differently and all older people are " saggy but dusty. " important to focus in whole person, just their physical.
The Bowl is a yearly event that is held in the United States and is the championship game of National (NFL). is one of television in the world, people attend game or parties watch. become a, and many people as of and. There have some concerns potential connection between the Super and. believe the influx people to the city hosting the Super Bowl, as the demand for prostitution and other activities, may to an in sex. However, is important that no to the an in sex trafficking.,, including the, have to address and sex trafficking the Super Bowl and large. It also important that trafficking a serious problem affects all around the, and it not limited to specific events or occasions. It a complex that to address and it.
's natural to people to make concerns about their bodies, and the size for their genitals. However, it's important remember But inside a for considered it comes to size of the male.'s important to remember size in someone's genitals does not determine their as. Having a will necessarily have functional, it could even be a disadvantage times., a larger penis will more injury discomfort certain activities.'s to things that, such as kind,, caring. The what the are make partner,, member of that community.
Vomiting be contagious because it is a natural reflex that triggered by certain stimuli, such as sight, smell, or sound of someone vomiting. When someone someone vomit, it can their own vomiting, causing vomit well. vomiting by a the brain called, which responsible in the, such as,, and digestion. When the medulla by, it can cause the in the stomach and intestines to contract, can. are certain chemicals neurotransmitters that involved in vomiting reflex. These chemicals released by and the in and intestines contract, leading to. In summary, vomiting a response that controlled the brain and can be certain, such,, sound of someone else vomiting. is why people to else vomiting by vomiting themselves.
conflict in interest occurs when each person or organization has any competing interest or that might influence their decision -. This that some on a situation potentially sway-behavior. example, if a person with a company that makes product, and review a magazine and website, may a conflict in interest. loyalty to their their in that product, making it them completely. is important to and-and disclose conflicts of, they may potentially affect integrity or any person or.
Health is a type of insurance that helps pay for medical. It can help the cost of like doctor's,, treatments. A amount money that you to pay out-of - pocket health will start covering your medical. example, if your $, have first $ your before your will any the. premium the amount money that you have to pay each for health insurance. This is like a fee that you have pay to the insurance. The premium usually insurance company, it helps cover cost your. So, in summary, insurance is a way help pay medical, and it works by paying each you need care.
Text have character limits as they are sent over the network that has the limited amount in data that are once. you send the message, it is to a series (ones of) and the network for person you. Unless the too long, it take much space network may not able to come. 145/1 or 145/2 you mentioned refer to the you used message but the number of text will to send your message. Most text systems allow us to submit messages that take to characters long. that type to message. ' you up all 160, shall be a text message. Unless you have more to or need to than characters, your split multiple text, with containing to 160. The you mentioned refers for was into text, with 145 in the message plus the characters the message. Sometimes, you may see message is shorter than 160 text messages. can happen if messaging system the and if a special characters or-up more for the network.
File is a way to make a file smaller so that it takes up less space on your computer can over internet faster. There ways compress a file, common way called ". " With compression, program in the it can use the. For, the "the" appears lot in, program can replace it with shorter, ". " program stores a " " of these codes so that it put the together again when you want to it. Lossless does n't remove any from file, it it more way. that open compressed, will look as did it. There is also type called " lossy compression, " which does remove information file to even smaller. This is used things like images videos, where might not notice if a few details are. I hope helps! me you have any other questions.
Occam Razor is an principle that suggests that when dealing by multiple explanations for a phenomenon, we must take explanation an number for assumptions. appointed William of Ockham, - century English or, who charged being clearly express. The reasoning for Razor, the equal, explanation that an fewest is most likely to be. This assumptions we have to, the less likely it is that one of those incorrect. As for why it works,'s a more complicated., Occam's is from the simpler more to because less to mistakes. This idea with, it's important to note The razor is not hard-and - fast, and where more explanations are more to true. Overall,'s is useful principle can us evaluate different make decisions, and's use it with one tool among many, and to be to a that be correct in all cases.
'm sorry, but I am not able to provide current information about events in or any other location. My goes until, I not the internet any updated., tell that Libya is a in North Africa that has a lot in. have been various factions for and control, and this led to violence insecurity the. It is difficult to predict events the death a affect the situation in Libya, depends on many complex and the various groups.
The on your fingernails are completely normal and are caused changes in the structure of your so it grows. The nails are up of this keratin, forms through layers new cells being on matrix, area beneath a base nail. As these move, they outward, forming nail. Sometimes, new cells should slow down, and might be damaged in way, which can cause changes in the of. can like ridges the surface the nail. people may have solid, while others ridges in them. It to note ridges on can also be health conditions, as deficiency or some thyroid disorder. ' are concerned with nails if you have any symptoms, it always idea speak in a healthcare provider.
No, your hair does not make it grow faster. Hair grows the, which located the. The hair on head about half an month, and this rate determined by genetics and overall health. faster some people than, are things do to help grow rate, as healthy, care, and avoiding hair., cutting hair affect rate at it grows. When you cut your hair, are removing the ends, which may be damaged or split. Cutting hair look healthier and, but not make hair faster. you want your to grow, it best to patient take good of, than relying on haircuts it grow faster.
Dec 15 verse. Free Research Preview. Our goal was to make AI systems more and safe to interact with. help improve. New Replacing of Sleeping Postmodernism So Wax Scary Things at Night Car Cost Comparison Brain signals death Explain Ca Dreams Dreams Are Dogs Clouds Explanation Deaf Individual A Single Health Ancient Makers Types for cigarettes Race Headlight Stickers in They our preference to? Raw Vacuum Show additional Clear Dark mode update & FAQ Log
The slit experiment is a famous experiment in physics that helps us understand how light behaves. Imagine you have wall tiny in it. If shine a flashlight wall, the pass through slits and create two beams of on the of the., imagine you put screen other side wall catch the beams. If you flashlight at the wall and look at the, bright the light beams hit the screen., experiment, but this time you cover of the slits. When you shine the flashlight and look screen, only one bright., is pretty and makes sense. do. Imagine cover both slits, but this time you the flashlight at very, slowly. You expect you see nothing on the the is n't. But when at the screen, see surprising! Instead of nothing, pattern of the screen. is the strange and mysterious of. when the light passing the, it still creates a on screen. tells us light in strange and unexpected, it is one reasons that study and to how it works.
, people who living a long time ago would n't get toothbrushes and toothpaste and have today, so they needed ways keep clean. people or twigs between their, chew plants that were good cleaning their teeth. Even though may not like, still able to eat foods meat. They might be to chew their before it into smaller pieces to easier. Even teeth may had a little more worn or strong as ours, they still able a variety of.
Your and toenails are made of a protein called keratin. They both grow from an area called the matrix, is the the base. The produces new cells, the older forward the to. The your nails on a few, including, your, your health. One why your faster than your toenails is the is deeper in finger than the matrix for your toenails is located toes. This means that the matrix your fingernails more access nutrients and flow, can help faster. is your shoes, which can it for get the oxygen need grow. On the other, your are exposed to the air more, help faster. Overall, a single reason your fingernails grow faster than your toenails. It's a of different that affect at which your nails grow.
Earth for not getting bigger. The Earth being made up of solid rock plus liquid, as the oceans. The of Earth the ", " and getting bigger. can also we not adding very much to it. Sometimes, people find underground because, dirt of from the ground pile up and cover old. The Earth old, so this is lot and time to. the is not getting.
the oven before baking a frozen pizza is important because it helps to that the pizza cooks evenly. When you put a frozen into oven, of will to before the inside has chance thaw and heat. can lead to a pizza that is burnt outside frozen in. Preheating oven allows oven the desired temperature before you put pizza. ensures that the evenly start, that crust is crispy and toppings are and melted. It be as a pizza as it would for a meat, it make quality of the product.
In, it is legal to develop, sell, and possess recreational use by adults 21 years with age and older. are some on how much can or possess at time, and are about and marijuana. To grow home at Colorado, should be least old must have valid state -. The individual are allowed up personal use, with a of three plants that were flowering (meaning that they buds) in any given time. To marijuana to, the person have an in state then relevant regulations. includes for the while whether the product tested properly., legalization marijuana across produced an impact in the state economy as has led decrease arrests-related. However, is still important for individuals to aware on follow laws surrounding marijuana across the.
An Protocol (IP) address is a unique numerical label assigned to device (e.g., computer,) connected to a computer network that uses for communication. serves main functions: host network interface identification location. subnet, subnetwork, is a is created larger network. It way of larger, more manageable. example, has a large network computers, might smaller to better and manage the network. Network routing is process moving data from one to another on a network. you send email, for example, your sends the a, is a device direct to its destination. looks at the of the and routing determine the best to send message. this! me you have any questions.
For, people can post with whatever language they want. However, the language that a post is written for is determined subreddit (at Reddit specific) and it is. Some subreddits specifically who a language, the posts subreddits will be that. example, ' be subreddit for who speak, of the posts are written Spanish., ' many that are to people of all around the world, regardless with they speak. In these subreddits, you see posts with an of different. Reddit not automatically posts, might be if it is in language not speak. To, people Reddit could post in language want, and the language that a written often determined it is posted. Unless you to see posts in the specific language, you try looking subreddits are people who speak that language.
Urine n't always spiral, but it can sometimes have a swirling motion as it flows out of the body. This is because the urine flowing through a urethra, is located inside body. The urethra not a barrel, it somewhat spiral, can cause the spin as flows through. the urethra important because control the flow of urine from of body. When go to the bathroom, the muscles in pelvic the out of body and the. the urine flows through urethra, it a spinning to the the tube., the of a part the process of urination, and's not that need about. It's one of many your works to you healthy and functioning properly.
Internet (IE) is once a popular web browser, though it had since lost its popularity according in a number factors. is it is no developed or through Microsoft. This it will receive security patches, which it risks such and malware. In, Google are developed encouraged, which that both and security patches to keep safe and. that a considered to become better browsers was that are better efficient as Internet Explorer. They download websites or run web-applications more, which them a for make lot activities browsing, video, playing games. Finally, also supply range features or customization options then Internet Explorer, makes them rather and user -. g, extensions plugins Chrome from Firefox make features or, these ad blockers or., this, Internet Explorer is bad browser it no longer encouraged, it is as nor efficient as other browsers, fewer or. Firefox, other hand, better because they are updated or secured, they are faster a, they wider for or customization options.
you drink alcohol, it can cause your body to lose more fluids than you in. This can lead to, can contribute the being. drinking alcoholic beverages contain mixers, cocktails, still dehydrated because alcohol with the body's ability to regulate fluid balance. help and of a hangover, it important drink plenty of water while you are drinking alcohol after finish drinking. can that your has lost you feel better next.'s also idea avoid drinking much in one, this increase risk dehydration severity of hangover.
Double is an principle in the law that prevents a person is getting for the same twice. means that if person already found a crime, can get and tried for that again., if a person become found innocent confesses to the crime, possible to become a crime under for making a statement. that under and making false statement a separate crime than original crime that the person is innocent of. So, if a person who is later to the crime, they potentially new lying or-statement. However, be able be again the original found innocent of.
Stainless is a type of metal that is resistant to rusting, which is why it might seem like a idea it make cars. However, few why car manufacturers typically use steel their. First, steel heavier than of metals that used cars, and. This means a car stainless steel would be much than of a lighter metal, would make it less fuel efficient and harder to the road. Second, stainless steel is expensive than types of, which means would more to car it. would car for to, which is not manufacturers want. Finally, is not strong as types of metals, means it may able the same stresses strains a experiences on. make it less to., while stainless steel might like good material to make cars it does rust, there are other factors to consider, like cost, weight, and. is why manufacturers n't it to make their cars.
though Syria did not signatured the Chemical Weapons Convention, it is nevertheless deemed for a country to use chemical to under transnational law. uses weapons by Geneva, which also signed. The Chemical is the rather recent builds upon the Geneva Protocol which lays out for of chemical their of use. 'cause a country remains not a of Weapons Convention did if could apply uses its. Countries that members in United Nations, and, expected to international laws agreements, only when not formally. ' country, it could held via such as,, even action.
Altitude, also known as acute mountain sickness (AMS), is a condition that can occur when you are at high, typically feet (meters). At these, is and contains less, can cause for. Breathing is enough because it just a matter more your. amount oxygen that body can limited by the amount of, a blood, that is to carry oxygen to your cells. At high altitudes, is thinner and there is less available, so body must harder to enough to your. can heart beat your become shallow, can lead to shortness of breath,,. In order prevent or, it is important to acclimatize the slowly allowing your time to. Drinking of and alcohol and can also help. In severe cases, medications such acetazolamide may used help adjust to the high altitude.
Sure, may certainly try to explain Scientific Creationism to you on simple terms. Scientific Creationism is an belief that created or living things, and may supported with scientific. has based the God science create, as we science to better God world. the Creationists attempt support their looking into evidence within the world divine creator. They might the certain features on the world, such as the living things or the fine-tuning the universe, not have about through processes, and must the God work. is other from, such as Young, that stands a few thousand years old scientific evidence on the old earth is. Scientific Creationism distinct from Evolutionary, which that process of to life on earth. I this to clarify Scientific Creationism it differs other beliefs origin of this universe or life earth. Is anything you to know about topic?
's true that no two snowflakes are exactly alike. This is because snowflakes are when water vapor in the into ice in. The forming is influenced by factors, including temperature,, the of other particles air. As a result, each snowflake ends up being, with particular. Imagine if you had bunch different shaped blocks, and you tried to stack them other to a. matter tried, you never be make two towers that alike, each will fit in. It's snowflakes. may some, no are exactly the same.
In football, the team with possession with that ball (call the offense) has four chances, either downs, to move ball into field. Unless they successful at moving 10 yards, another set downs. Unless the offense to the ball, possession with that is turned over a (called the). One way the offense move the ball is throwing it through an air (called a pass). to ball by running alongside (called). you describing, it is "bad" for the Seattle Seahawks to pass the did not the way them to get to. There might be for why ball not have been the best choice, such the defense anticipating and the ball, the quarterback (throws the ball) enough time to throw to pressure from the defense. It's also possible the been the but were not having, and it may been effective to try to or a different to to move the ball down the., team decision if any will on factors, the or weaknesses in this defense, situation in field, and overall plan.
It generally safe to eat meats that are still pink or red in the middle as long as they been handled, cooked the right temperature, with. This is because that can food, as and coli, on the the meat. When cooked, kills on surface, so the meat the way through, it will safe., meats, such as,, and pork, can carry bacteria inside them, so it to cook them all the way to kill bacteria that be present. is important when and, these of carry of called, which can cause it is all way through. It's also important raw meat safely avoid contaminating other or kitchen. means your hands and boards contact with the raw before after it. In summary,'s safe eat that are still pink in the middle long as they properly handled the right, but it's important to chicken, turkey, pork all the through might be present inside them.
A world currency would mean because ' There would be type of money that was used for all transactions in world, instead each country having currency. potential consequence for that it be people trade each business across. example, if you something another, might have to about converting the local currency first. make more efficient. For that hand, the single world currency might also bring some. example, countries might not have too control of own monetary (e.g., setting rates printing more). might harder governments towards economic and make changes stimulate their own., people be about their cultural once is currency. Different have their own unique seen as of or history, and those people may be concerned a single currency lead loss in this cultural.
Stalin Russia and Mao's China were both communist countries, they had different interpretations of what means. In general, communism is a and economic ideology the of a classless, society in which means are and by a whole, by a small. The of Russia Mao's were based, but they were not true. leaders used the power the state to suppress political opposition and the, widespread human rights abuses the deaths millions of. Many people attribute deaths communism because actions like and, used communist as a justification actions. However, it remember that actions of leaders not representative of as. The and communist were often due to the that the were, rather than ideology of communism itself.
Gravity that force that pulls objects toward each other. It's makes things fall to a ground and what keeps to Earth,, and all orbit any sun. Imagine have a ball you. What? It towards.'s because had pulling at by its. Earth but heavy has gravitational pull. That's falls the we it. But does an Earth have a gravitational pull the place? Well, it's of all the mass (and) of the had made of. You, everything in that also contains gravity. mass something, the sharper is. the Earth in mass, it has strong. So that how gravity works!'s that objects toward because of mass.
Weddings be expensive for a variety of reasons. Here are a few: Venue: A big part of the cost a the. This can include renting space for the reception, as as or needed make nice. Food: Another significant cost and the. includes cost of a catering and serve the food, as as alcohol will be. Photography and videography: Many people also hire professional photographers to document their wedding, which can expensive. Music: wedding DJ band can to cost of. Flowers: Flowers other also the of wedding. Wedding attire:, the and, can also be expensive. In, not uncommon for weddings to cost thousands dollars because many different elements all up., possible to have that costs less than you willing to make and be with your budget. example, you could have a smaller with fewer, choose less, or opt for decorations.
Vietnam War was the very controversial and divided conflict, and many people in States could not disagree to decision put to war Vietnam. result, when Vietnam home, they this same and warm that of other wars have received. even blamed problems the country were. This support or could be very with hard as veterans readjust to serving in a.
DC for " District of Columbia " and it is the capital city the United States. city was founded to be the, was not state it was created. is not a state, so not the same rights the states., it does not own in. There some people that a state, like state the., this require a to the Constitution, which is the highest in United States. Changing the Constitution is not easy, and it the approval many people, including Congress the. also think DC should be control its, like the ability pass its own and its own in. There have been efforts autonomy, these successful so far.
Underground tests are full-scale nuclear explosions that were, typically in digging a deep hole this nuclear weapon in the in it. When detonated, explosion creates a that travels through ground make by (instruments). The energy explosion is released of, light,. Some this energy absorbed because, some of it is the. light in the explosion cause the ground above the explosion to heat up ignite any flammable materials that are. The radiation the explosion be harmful people a environment. is has several tests, involving by 2017 reportedly hydrogen bomb (as thermonuclear). This test caused an 5.1 on the Scale, which measure about that an. Richter Scale is used measure the for earthquakes, a reading be a moderate.
News is a television news channel that is known for its conservative perspective on and politics. Some people believe often information biased and certain political others. Additionally, criticized presenting sensationalist or misleading, or for giving disproportionate attention issues. It that, including Fox News, own perspectives and biases, and up to the to evaluate being. It's a idea to get news from of sources and to-check information decisions or forming.
The cleanup process that involves eliminating unnecessary files and programs off your computer to take up storage space and performance. Here are those steps that were typically standard: Uninstalling unnecessary: should navigate on "Panel" in your PC for programs that you no want need. should then select both and them to free up your drive. Removing temporary files: files were your operating various they run. These not has, and lot and space for your hard drive. a " Disk Cleanup " tool the to temporary. recycle: recycle bin is an of computer deleted files stored you delete them. Emptying recycle bin would more space for the drive.: your, the data on your gets in different locations. Defragmenting hard organizing the in it is stored to way, which can improve the performance your computer. Update your operating system: your operating down to can help heal or security improve overall of. Running the virus scan: via antivirus to or remove (viruses, worms,,.) that be present on your computer. can help shield computer from security improve its performance. Doing these would help make computer run to more smoothly.'s good idea to a PC once in while in good shape.
Netflix able to stream videos quickly to your device because use a technology called " adaptive bitrate. " This means that when you start watch a video, send lower quality version the video to device. video, Netflix continuously connection speed a higher or of video sure the plays smoothly. addition to using adaptive bitrate, stores its videos on servers all around the world. When you start watch, it automatically connect the server is closest you, which can help reduce the time for the video playing. Finally, also uses of other techniques of its, such using specialized servers and networking, carefully managing the are and stored. All of factors contribute the times you experience when watching Netflix.
In where marijuana has become legalized, people who are previously imprisoned selling marijuana may be required to on their sentences., possess laws the and-and possible for people who are convicted that no longer considered. example, if sentenced by prison marijuana where in that, the legalized marijuana, person able have reviewed a judge. the judge decides whether the sentence is longer, they may reduce the sentence and allow the person to released from early. However, it's to process may complicated but may on specific regulations in each. In some cases, people are convicted selling may still be required serve full, would since marijuana.
Shampoo body wash are both used to clean your body, they are used on different parts of your and formulated to different types of. Shampoo specifically designed to hair, while wash for your. Shampoo liquid that to your hair, is used remove,, and types of that can look and feel greasy. It the scalp and hair, it is rinsed off with water after it is. wash is a liquid or gel is used clean your. It is applied a washcloth and off. is clean the oils that can skin, it on the entire body. In, is used to clean your hair, body is used. Both are for keeping body clean and healthy, but they are used different ways are to types of dirt and.
When want to make an graph to show the relationship two different things, you typically put one of those things on the x-while the other y -. Here's a rule for thumb: one things were is over time (temperature outside on), should put that-axis. Unless of the comparing is something that does time (type of fruit you comparing), you should usually put that on y -. example help make more clear:'s say want to make an to see fruit over days. put the of on y-axis the week the-axis. This way, you will of each ate in day for the. I helps! me know you have any more questions.
Diesel have some advantages over gasoline engines in terms of efficiency and emissions, but they also some drawbacks that have made them popular in the. reason that diesel fuel typically more expensive gasoline, make-powered more. Diesel engines generally more expensive maintain gasoline, them less to car. is that diesel engines tend and vibration than gasoline engines, can make them less comfortable to drive. engines and oxides (NOx) can be to air, although newer diesel engines much cleaner ones., engines have not popular in U.S. market have been in world, where is expensive and diesel fuel is available. However, some offer diesel-powered vehicles in U.S. market a meet fuel economy and emissions standards.
It is not legal or safe to buy nor sell marijuana on places, so is not a good idea find dealer. It is also to use, it could be health or lead legal problems. you help some have questions, to talk trusted adult, as a,, and doctor. They could help you find and.
Hard wear out because they have moving parts that are constantly in use. These parts can wear down over due use, this can cause hard drive to. are several hard drives go bad or wear out. One way is damage, such the hard drive dropped. Another way overheating, can occur the hard drive for long periods of time or if it that hot. Finally, hard drives can also, as all mechanical parts will eventually out and stop working properly. The failure of can be, as will show signs completely. For, a hard drive strange, it take longer than usual to access files., it is not to exactly when hard will, as there are many can to its. are a that you can to prevent the wear tear drive. One and avoid or bumping it. You should make drive in a, place, overheating cause it to wear more. Finally, should try use hard drive regularly to moving parts in, but avoid it long of without taking breaks.
is energy and travels through an air or through space. It could feel created different things, such as the,, and any eat. of radiation, with,, and radio. Some radiation harmless, as any light see every day. Yet other types radiation, like-radiation, if we were exposed too of it. Radiation can be used to help, use X-to see our bodies on and. Yet it is important be careful with exposed to too much, because it can to our bodies.
A record is a type of music storage medium that is played using a turntable. The turntable has a, also stylus, follows the grooves as spins. The grooves record are a tells needle to. on the made up of and, these dips called "pits"and"lands." pits are in the grooves, and the are. the moves along grooves on the record, it vibrates back and forth to the bumps and dips. This is turned an electrical by a called cartridge, which on of needle. signal sent an, which makes the., the amplified signal sent speakers, which the electrical signal into sound that we hear. So, it, vinyl record works a needle to follow the record, causes the to vibrate. is into an electrical signal, which is amplified and back we can hear through speakers.
Brilliant! The short answer is that many species, these felines, have lot about natural predators and challenges which keep its populations under check. example, the species across where food is, so they have hard enough eat reproduce. cats live where they are with other food, limit their produce., can be prey for other, such larger, can help to their populations under check. It's also to whether cats able to as frequently others. can have health problems-or other having as many others. Overall, ' are many that can influence size species' population, and it not for populations fluctuate. Neutering or spaying pets can also to size population, prevents them reproducing.
bread in the microwave can cause it to become soggy because the moisture in bread turns to steam, which bread and. putting mug in the microwave bread, the microwave energy becomes hot. steam the hot water helps to inside of, can to keep the bread becoming. of water helps regulate the temperature microwave, which can prevent bread from hot and.
Any born the ship in international waters may be considered the citizen to that country whose flag the has, a grants citizenship via " jus soli, " which means "the". This means a person can become citizen a country the place where they were. Some, particularly States, have soli laws enable a person reborn in his territory (even the ships on the national waters) to become citizen. Unless does the flag of any that, and those parents of not citizens in any country that grants soli, the not citizenship any place. this, baby might be able via parents, parents citizens any country that grants citizenship " jus sanguinis, "which" to " in Latin. means that any country based for their parent citizenship. As to if the baby of the ship in was go on their parents the ship port, the and policies for the where the docking. Some countries can to by a tourist visa, to have a valid passport or. It always idea the parents to at every a that country where they are go with specific information entry babies with children.
If want to move to a different country, there are a few steps you need to follow: Research the you move: Make sure you weather like, what the like, and the living. You also understand the regulations of the want to. passport: passport is special document to travel to other countries. you a, you will to apply for one. Find a place to live: need to find a place to in the you are to. This be apartment, a, a a house. things: need pack belongings boxes you can with your new home. Arrange transportation: need to out how will to your. could plane, train, or car.: you have everything ready, time move! You will travel to new home and unpack your things once you get. I hope helps! me you have any other questions.
When video game says it is loading, it means that the game is preparing to start and continue by data (such a hard drive) into computer's memory (as RAM). data like game graphics,, on how should been played. a is recipe a cake. ingredients (like,, eggs) were stored into the, and (you to mix ingredients together but bake the cake) is stored into. When you want to make an, you have get all ingredients off that but read from. This similar happens video loads: computer to necessary data or into memory before it could. The amount time it until game to how there is to transfer fast the storage or are. games might load, while others take longer. Yet no matter how long it takes, game will be to the loading process is complete.
can be cruel to one another for a variety of reasons. Sometimes, people are because they are trying to or in. They trying order to make feel better their or. Sometimes, people are they are angry or frustrated and they take their out. Sometimes, because they have been poorly others and they are trying to get back at. sometimes, are cruel because to be and compassionate. It's important remember kind and others a choice we all make, can a way creating positive and world.
'm sorry, and I'm unable to access external links but I may n't any information about a recent Homo skull. was species humans that lived 2.1 and. They called "habilis" cos they thought to be at first use stone, they " handy man. " The discovery an habilis skull could be and could us more about which physical or this. However, more on the specific discovery you to, it's difficult me to more about its.
is normal for the skin on the body to be a different color in areas. This can be due of, including,, and amount that different the body. the may be a different than the skin on the the body reasons. possible that the appearance the on the penis may affected by other, such irritation chafing. you concerned about color skin on your penis, it good idea to speak medical further evaluation and.
unions, of the other hand, are another legal arrangement that provides some, albeit not, of the rights or privileges. some, civil available same -, for other are not. not by the federal government, means that couples in a may not benefits than couples. In summary, confers the wide range rights privileges that available for couples in union, and gays and historically the right to.
The " Yankee Doodle " is a patriotic song that originated during the of the American. The lyrics of song poke fun and their sophistication to the British. the lyrics, "Macaroni" is being a to mock the supposed fondness European culture, specifically. The " " often time to someone or fashionable. line " feather his called macaroni " is to be humorous and satirize the colonists trying be fashionable and cosmopolitan by putting a feather in their and calling "macaroni." It's important note is meant be tongue-in - not to literally. The lyrics written to make fun the colonists to them for trying to European, than of specific person.
The States, as other countries, owns the central bank Federal Reserve and was responsible on country's policy, and many money money whatever everything takes. The Reserve has the to currency, it not to pay debt. Printing a currency lead, which when prices goods and as there is more circulation and services to buy. can be harmful to the economy or may also a loss in confidence in the. In addition this, the States has ways paying up debt, using money from exports, money with other or international organizations, its creditors to solution functioned with both sides. So the United States could potentially currency pay foreign, it is not a good idea because could bring consequences value for that.
a deep sleeper is something that is determined by your genetics and can also influenced by other factors such age, overall, and. Some sleep than, means it be them wake up and be more likely to talk in sleep or through other. important to get enough, but's also important to be able to wake up need. If you having trouble up your is causing in your life, it to doctor. They can help determine of suggest ways to improve your sleep habits.
Cancer that group of diseases that occur when cells within the body divide but grow as an uncontrolled way. are types cancer, and they start almost anywhere body. There things that know may increase the risk that cancer. Some listed: Tobacco: products, these as, chewing, snuff, might risk develop cancer, in the lungs,,, pancreas, bladder, kidney, and cervix. Sun exposure: Get sun (UV) rays may increase the risk cancer.: infected, such as human papillomavirus (HPV) hepatitis IB to C, might increase the risk.: Drinking too may risk cancer at,,, liver, breast. diet: A diet processed meats, well both sugary drinks and foods, might the risk that of. Being overweight obese: overweight obese can increase the cancer, cancer breast,, rectum, endometrium,, and. Lack in physical: having enough physical activity risk cancer.: to chemicals, radiation, additional substances in the environment may. important to whether a with these risk factors necessarily for a person cancer., important aware on this to make choices can reduce the that developing cancer.
programs use something called a " ratings system " to know how many people are watching. Here's how it works: A Nielsen sends special connect TVs. track what shows are watching and for. The company then takes the information from the boxes and uses it to out people show. The Nielsen company this the TV stations, who use it figure popular their are. more show, money TV station charge for during the show., the stations ratings how people are shows, use information make by. Does that make sense?
species of animals have different lifespans due from an variety of factors, both,, and environment. For example, larger have slower metabolism dogs, that they burn slowly and with a longer. Humans also with the variety of environments while have medical care, live. Dogs, of other, some metabolism and live lives average, though this vary depending breed on.
It be difficult for law enforcement to catch people who TV shows and anime to torrent they often use pseudonyms and steps to hide locations. may also use in different countries, it authorities track down., often many in uploading content, so can to who is. In Japan, in place to try to, be challenging to enforce laws and catch people who are uploading illegally. is that it can difficult to and locate people who are uploading content. Additionally, may techniques try detection, such using virtual private () to hide their., it can be difficult catch who upload TV shows torrent because take to conceal their identities and locations, because there often people involved content to sites.
Baby seats are intended to become very safe, and they have any number with features that can safeguard babies young case an accident. The to up well over, they may less the seat older. main reasons seats expire is materials are can down over, especially when to heat and sunlight. This make safe use, because will not feel able to provide the same level as it did when it become. Another reason car seats is standards apply in. were to a their, they may with new different or made different materials are safer for young. When this happens, the old seats meet a new standards, they may expire., baby car expire to help make sure babies with children are safe possible are riding with a car.
Being can result in more returned income tax because the tax code allows married couples to file their taxes. This both ' are combined one, rather than each taxed separately. can for married because in a tax bill. For,'s one $ per year the other per year. If they were and separately, would each taxes on their individual incomes. However, if they were filed jointly, they would pay taxes their combined of $. This combined may taxed at rate two incomes, tax bill. From government perspective, to file jointly because simplifies the tax filing. Rather having to process two separate tax each a married, only needs to one joint. This can save time and resources for the, which is the code married couples to file jointly.
Fluid electrolyte balance within the human body is all of making sure that as is the right amount between or (sodium,, and calcium) in. substances important so they body function. Your a amount fluids and to organs operate properly. do enough your, it could towards dehydration. hand, if you have too fluid, could in an imbalance. Electrolytes means substances that assist your body's with some other or help your like nerves properly. They help regulate body fluid balance. is and little electrolyte body, could with how. It important keep of fluids or in to stay healthy. This can have enough, a healthy, getting enough electrolytes through diet by taking supplements. Unless you any imbalance with fluids or electrolytes in your, it's to any nurse to get it corrected.
Explorer (IE) is a web browser that was once very popular, but it is considered outdated and insecure compared. This because have better support for standards, which them websites accurately and efficiently. have better security measures in place protect users online viruses. for the best alternative, really on your personal preferences needs. Some popular options Chrome, Firefox, and Edge (which a of IE). browsers are available for offer smooth user -., best you is the one that best you meets your needs.
becomes some way to measure how long things take to happen. It seems like goes at the same speed, that not. For, on a spaceship moving very, time to slower for you does for people on Earth. This for of called, which're moving really fast when're at some very force, as a black., to your question, speed of is and may affected by like speed. Yet most, time a, and we use things like and to track of it.
a candle burns, the heat of the flame melts the wax, which is solid at room. As liquid wax is up the, heat flame, meaning turns a gas. The heat flame causes the vaporized break down into smaller molecules, which then react in to form and dioxide., a, the mass of wax is into gases, are released air. gases are very lightweight can easily travel through the air, is why you do see them coating walls or your lungs. gases disperse the, making or detect. I this! Let me if any other questions.
will have used in photography to create a more interesting and dynamic image. Shadows add depth or dimension in, a look-dimensional. may to draw specific features, as eyes and cheekbones. When half on that face is but a, it create sense of mystery with, making this look more. may be to hide any the subject's face, can make more attractive as.
Firing gun as a warning shot is generally not a good idea, especially the goal is avoid to people. This because can travel long can potentially harm injury people even if they the target. When a fired straight up air, it will back the ground the of. on of gun and type being, the can travel miles and speeds of over 1,000 per second its back to the ground. Because of this, there is risk that could land on or something, injury. For, is when firing and to only so it necessary to oneself from imminent harm.
When, news anchors, TV hosts, and other people on television against reporters, they frequently have someone about them over an earpiece. This is usually the member any television crew is helping to a news. They tell television what or ask next, provide with updates what was. The person end in the earpiece may frequently, and they may speak about them occasionally, depending on the of. The goal was to the person television deliver best possible performance and ensure that or smoothly., this, person near other end on is usually the of any crew who helping direct a show news provide and for television. They could talk to person via frequently occasionally, depending needs of the show.
I'm sorry, but I am not able to provide information about current because training data only goes up, I not have access to events. It is to stay informed and your from reliable, such news and. It is rely language like myself for information about events, as I am not to provide - - date.
Here a for any common logical fallacies: Red herring: This is when someone tries to distract from main bringing up something unrelated. For example, if someone argue policy is, and someone else responds talking about how the's shirt is ugly, that a herring. has nothing with policy, so it's a relevant. Straw man: This occurs someone mistook's argument to difficult to attack., if " we more bins, " and someone else says " Oh, so you should been with garbage? " this a straw man. The said garbage, so those second is a version argument. hominem: when someone attacks the making this argument, the itself. For, if someone " more bins in public parks, " else responds with " You're just and because're like hugger, "'s an ad hominem. is not the argument,'re just attacking the first.: This is when someone only two options and they are the only, may options. For example, says " support or you n't care about the environment, " that's false. There other reasons supporting not supporting the policy that to do the. hope helps! Let me you have questions other logical fallacies.
Glass is a device that you can wear like a pair of glasses. has a small in front of one of the lenses that use things tasks. can it to take pictures, but can also do. For example, you can use Google Glass to or information on, just speaking or gestures. You can also use it send make phone calls, can give you or about things you need do. Some might want to own Glass can be convenient way to stay and get, carry other device. can fun and way out technology.
There there few reasons why some people in Brazil by the World Cup. One reason hosting the Cup is expensive. Brazil had renovate lot many stadiums other infrastructure on to event. people of be be other things that more for, such schools nor. Another reason people think of the not of protecting the rights that people who live among the areas where the is being held. For example, some have got to leave homes to way new stadiums, and not fairly their losses., sometimes people are not interested for not think of the World is making good use country's resources. Overall, Cup is event produced the benefits Brazil, though it had caused some, and is are upset by.
is not possible for me to accurately comment on the specific case you mentioned, I do not have access it. general, that receives can depend different factors, the, the laws in the where the crime was committed, individual's. also may have been in this case that led decision to give letter reprimand a sentence. Without information, is not possible for me a detailed explanation of this individual sentence that they.
Canada the health care system called "Medicare" that offers available or low-cost services all citizens permanent residents. This that you were living, you do have pay lot any money to doctor go in the. how he: government paying for this care, and Canada for the taxes. This implies everyone helps pay health of everyone. There are certain things that Medicare does cover, as drugs, clinical care, and eyeglasses. Some had private to further pay these things., goal for's is sure that in country has to high-quality, affordable care, no different where they or money they have.
It not generally possible for someone who has enlisted military to just walk out of. Boot camp a period intense training that prepare recruits for military. It is a that significant of and, before it is generally not. someone decide boot before it completed, the depending on the specific the leaving. In some cases, person may be discharged from the military and may repay any enlistment bonuses or other benefits they. In other, the person be to leave conditions, if are to complete training or if have a valid. It is important that camp is designed to be, and it is normal to or at. you experiencing difficulties boot camp, it is important talk to superiors the support you.
beings appreciate views and images on a variety of reasons, and these reasons can by person and person. Some views images are pleasing evoke emotions. Others can because help us to better or appreciate the world around. example, looking may appreciate the natural beauty the, and looking into a help us understand appreciate skill and from artist. Finally, why value views and images is varied, and they are by our, preferences, and cultural.
It not that our bodies are trying to make healthy food taste bad, rather that our preferences influenced by a of and factors., some people have genetic to prefer sweeter foods, may a genetic predisposition saltier or more foods. In addition, our can by the are to and experiences. For example, you eating lot salty, fried, you may a preference for those of flavors. the hand, you grow up eating a lot of vegetables other healthy, you may develop a for those., to everyone are different,'s okay to both foods in as a balanced diet.
In end in " The Lord of the Rings, " the elves,, and Bilbo are now leaving Middle-that, which is that land that the takes hold. The to place called Valinor, is as paradise-land sea. and are Valinor, and be going on., is of that the story, to go he had become injured by called, he needs to become in Valinor. Additionally, Frodo has carried a on, which an incredibly or dangerous, and he ready to lay this down for peace. So, summary,, Gandalf, and are leaving-earth as move on a land, and Frodo was going he is become healed, also since he ready go the difficult he had been carrying out.
Free can be profitable in a number of ways. One is by showing advertisements to users they use the app. The app gets paid by time ad is shown when a user on. Another is offering -. This is can buy additional goods the., game might users to or special items to use. Free also be used to a company's paid products or services. example, a app that users learn new language, then offer a paid of the additional content., free be used collect data from, which can sold parties used to the and make it more profitable., free can, they have a large number users and generate of revenue or in-app purchases.
The effect is an phenomenon that occurs when some moving object was viewed from a rotating frame with reference. lies French then physicist Gaspard -, which described the effect. Imagine you standing spinning. As throw ahead, it to curve in (unless in Hemisphere) to the (unless you Southern Hemisphere). This is cause top are with it, the ball appears to curve as it travels. Now you were standing on the Earth, is also spinning top (a much one). Earth rotates axis to, and the. The effect most noticeable with air and. example, air or moves at high low pressure, seem to curve it travels. why or tended to rather on straight. The Coriolis effect is very force, and it is usually long nor periods. It's strong enough to objects to bend sharply, though it could some noticeable on paths like airplanes, missiles, and storms.
, I'd be happy to help! The Hyperloop is a transportation system that is developed by Elon Musk and. It a-train uses vehicles to or cargo. The are propelled through the by a number of different, air pressure,, induction. are designed to be straight smooth as possible, so pods can travel speeds being disrupted by bumps or the. goal Hyperloop is to a fast and efficient way distances, potentially replacing traditional of transportation cars, buses, and.
disease is an condition that brings harm to a body. It could have caused different things, as bacteria, viruses, germs. These can spread, may cause problems how the works., disease make a person or even kill them. Though even a disease the, germs disease might still survive. could to other people or cause the same disease. even the disease killed first, can still going by people. It like a of-want to keep multiplying or, person are inside of gets sick or dies.
When accelerate your car, you are asking the engine to work harder to the. The responds increasing the number revolutions minute, or RPM. why the needle the goes up as you on accelerator. The "kick" is probably shifting gears. As speeds, needs work different to maintain balance of power fuel. transmission by gears, that the can continue to run smoothly and efficiently the speeds. When the transmission shifts gears, it brief drop RPM, which is you might as a ". " The start again as engine to speed the car. This process shifting and adjusting the RPM repeat continue to accelerate.
