, sometimes called as edema, can cause swelling in. It happens when excess fluid the tissues, creating the affected swell. There causes water retention, including medications, medical conditions, lifestyle., water could problem that relieved with simple -, such elevating,, and preventing or for too. In, more serious concern that hospital care. If are experiencing your has advised you that is due water retention, to physician's therapy. on cause water retention, physician advise, changes, or other ease your and improve overall. you about or you that are concerning to you, important to with physician to cause and proper.
There be many causes of nervousness and lack of confidence, it's important to that these feelings common to at times. However, persistent with your, it may helpful with mental. identify issues and provide strategies your.'s that you be experiencing anxiety, which can cause nervousness lack. potential causes these symptoms could include trauma adverse experiences, - esteem, or certain stressors. It also that crying response to is normal and process., feel crying excessive your daily, with health professional to possible develop coping. It's important to seek are struggling with emotions if they are daily life. mental professional can provide with guidance to your your overall well-being.
It possible that your husband's rash might be caused by an allergy to apples, although there many potential well. on the feet, if spread to, might be of, including reactions,, underlying health. more information, it to specific the. If your has not before and it showed immediately eating, of an reaction to the fruit. symptoms an apples include swelling of the and tongue, breathing, and or vomiting. your is suffering these, is to attention as, as reaction can. your symptoms the rash, it idea speak provider for diagnosis and. The healthcare provider be ask other might be. They his hospital record treatments he is. on this data, they will be identify the of and advise the appropriate treatment.
It not uncommon for people to experience gastrointestinal side metformin, such as, vomiting,, diarrhea. These side be relieved medication food or by with a lower dose and., it is important metformin can more serious side, acidosis, buildup of in. acidosis can abdominal, appetite,, or breathing, a feeling of discomfort, or, unusual or tiredness. It is not clear from question whether are experiencing effects or lactic. If abdominal discomfort after, is to healthcare provider for evaluation and guidance. Your able determine the cause of symptoms whether to taking.
It harder to identify the cause of a lump without more information without examine you in. important to provider an assessment you are concerned about a lump belly, if it is symptoms such or spasms. There lump, including: Lipoma: (noncancerous) of fat. Hernia: organ through weakness muscles of the abdominal wall. Abscess: a of that formed in the bodies as a of infection. Cyst: fluid in of the. is lump and twitching be connected muscle issue. Again, it important see healthcare provider and therapy.
be several reasons why food is getting stuck your stomach. Some possible causes:: This is a narrowing of, the tube from mouth to the. It can be by the. Esophageal: a disorder the muscles of abnormally, it. Achalasia: This a the muscles the, from entering the stomach. hernia: This is condition in of the diaphragm and into chest cavity. can cause stuck esophagus. Gastroesophageal (GERD): a in from the backs into, causing heartburn and. can also cause food get the. If this consistently, important see a doctor for a and treatment. treatment depend on cause of.
is possible to getting pregnant with tilted or cystic ovaries, although these conditions often it impossible. position have impact ability getting, but if have your or irregular periods, potentially impact. If you are trying to pregnant experiencing other issues, important with a healthcare provider. They can assess your and advise alternatives might your. include or meet conditions that might your. It to keep safe, diet, constantly, controlling, as these also affect fertility.
are several potential causes for the discomfort and pain you are after a. Some explanations: Scar tissue: It to the a incision. scar tissue may cause, if becomes thick and.: The surgery have damaged or irritated, leading the.: The your back may be to or resulting the surgery.: is that you an at the of the incision, could cause pain and. It with doctor about your the. Your doctor recommend medication, therapy, or treatments alleviate your symptoms.
is usually not usual for blood pressure to be as low as 90/40, you are symptoms no. blood () by factors, including, dehydration, medical. In cancer survivors, treatment-factors such as chemotherapy and radiation can also pressure. to your blood and you experiencing your healthcare provider. They the of blood advise. In, it is drink, eat a healthy diet, up too quickly, these help to symptoms hypotension.
is possible that chest pain could be related to the use of Clindamycin and. However, is also important potential of, such heart underlying. is important a if you experiencing, as could be issue that. the, follow the of and report to them. If experiencing breathing or chest pain, seek immediate.
I to that you are experiencing chronic kidney problems and other gastrointestinal problems. It is important to the proposed your physician, which your case of-and Nexito tablets. However, if you not improvements in, it could to consider this your consider treatment. addition to your prescribed treatment, are also a few lifestyle changes that your problems and improve your health.: diet: healthy is in fat, sugar, and salt help to and reduce of. Exercising: Regular exercise help liver. Avoiding: can the, it is important to it or to intake you do. Quitting: damage the, is to quit smoke. Reducing stress: Chronic stress can negatively and also liver problems. healthy, such exercise,,, can. important remain to up with your to symptoms worsen or any symptoms. physician need to modify treatment or examinations to identify the of your liver problems effective plan.
like your daughter may be experiencing some body aches joint pain as a result her viral. This be a effect of and goes away on as the fights. the, there things you to help alleviate: Encourage her rest sleep to her. her over - - counter, such () ibuprofen (Advil), as directed the label. These help and. Apply a warm compress or heating to the area reduce or pain. drink fluids,,, and sports, to replenish fluids that were. If your's or worsen, she, it is consult a healthcare further evaluation and. They will able recommend the most course based on specific of illness and.
Swelling the knee and foot, as well as a lump groin, can be by blood clot. It obtain attention as you that blood clot may be. clots be serious and complications if treated promptly. There are the, as,, or. It's important have professional the to identify cause and proper treatment. It's probable that swelling lump the groin might be connected to the your mom to placed.'s important to to them. They be mom condition the necessary caring.
I sorry to hear about your niece's discomfort. It's important for her to the plan by providers, may include medications and. the meantime, try the-to alleviate: and: douching or using on area., mild and water gently clean, it dry with a, soft.,: clothing may the blisters and cause discomfort. It best, cotton clothing to air to and help area heal. sexual activity:'s to avoid while are to allow area heal.: cold compress the can help reduce and the. Take over - - counter pain: - anti - () like ibuprofen can alleviate pain. It for your to recommended by healthcare provider and to see provider if not if she develops new symptoms.
back pain, particularly if followed by chills, can be of a major medical condition should not forgotten. is important medical attention possible. possible causes of back pain muscle,,, heart, or. If you chest discomfort, it vital to medical pain can a attack. If are discomfort,,, or cold sweats, call or your local right. you to see a doctor promptly, you try taking-the - medication heat the assist pain., to keep mind these are only temporary the underlying of. In summary, are pain with, is to obtain as shortly as. Do not to 911 or your emergency you are chest or a major.
's ataxia is a progressive neurodegenerative disorder that affects movement, balance, and coordination. for individuals Friedreich, more symptoms. general, lead to may lifespan, although this is always the case. is cure for, treatment managing and improving of. It important to closely with your, your, develop treatment plan right. It important to active as possible and to physical therapy other activities to your strength and.
's possible that you have a skin disease called, which is a for inflammation the flesh. many, including,, and health. important dermatologist. In meantime, you can over-the - counter creams like help alleviate and. also a idea minimize tight garments keep area. the is painful if it slowly, or you fever or symptoms,'s important a doctor right.
Surgery remove clots from the lungs and around the be a risky procedure, particularly if are large or if the other underlying make surgery more challenging., it is important keep surgical carries risk, and risks will depend's circumstances. It discuss the risks surgery with husband members healthcare. They will able to provide more specific information about risks surgery on's and. It is also keep in improve's quality and address health. the causing symptoms his ability to function, surgery may the. I hope this is. you further or concerns, n't hesitate to.
I that you are experiencing abdominal agony, back pain, and. It is important to overcome symptoms a diagnosis from a medical professional. It for or recommend for you, just a text-based do not have access health or examination. you experiencing or persistent stomach pain, pain, concerning symptoms, it is to obtain as shortly. It for people abdominal due variety,, kidney stones, urinary tract, muscle strains,. you have to have gallbladder, is this healthcare questions the hazards and of surgery. important to a second opinion have concerns or about. all your, this might to a variety causes, including diseases, allergies, underlying. It important to consider this to cause appropriate treatment. In the meantime, is try as much rest and minimize that might exacerbate your. discomfort, beneficial pain as prescribed your healthcare provider. Again, is to sought are or symptoms. It is not appropriate for diagnose recommend you, and is important with a professional a and therapy plan.
is generally not recommended for individuals with a low ejection fraction (EF) to amusement park. The well is, EF the heart not well it should be. rides can be physically strenuous and place additional on, which for with EF. important to speak your healthcare provider about situation get their engaging activities, park rides. will be assess overall and activities for you to in medical and current condition.
It difficult to diagnose a condition without a comprehensive healthcare operator, but are potential causes of a productive little red that to mind. These: Bronchitis: This is inflammation, which cause, breath, and. The cough may sometimes blood -.: This is of can cause such,, discomfort, that phlegm. Sinusitis: is an inflammation of the sinuses that cause,,, and cough that generate. reaction: If you have, may productive dizziness as symptoms allergic reaction. to see a provider identify cause of your and get the appropriate. your cough will depend underlying and the any treatment.
's generally not normal for a toe to be numb for an extended time, so would by healthcare. be possible causes toe, compression of a nerve, circulation, or a injury. also possible be as as a injury on the toe. any case, it important have numbness by a to cause and appropriate. be able to a and possibly further to help cause of.
a brand of folic acid, a B vitamin important for correct fetal growth. recommended for people who are getting pregnant in early stages of to assist prevent defects spine. acid in certain, as leafy green,, fortified, but in supplement. Taking during pregnancy help. It is especially essential getting enough folic in the of, even know they are. It is recommended that plan pregnant use folic of least (mcg) before during. If has been advised by her physician, it important obey doctor take medication. It also important for your spouse any concerns questions may have medication with.
several potential causes of electric shock-like pain in inner hip or groin area. possibilities include: problems: in the or groin caused muscle strains or, by problems the the. This may be other symptoms such, bruising, moving. problems: Pain the area can be irritation nerve in the area. type of pain accompanied, tingling, in the affected area. Vascular problems: in the hip area be by problems blood the. This pain accompanied by other such changes, temperature, or. is to see healthcare evaluation and proper if you are shock-inner groin area, if you any other that concern. The be able determine and recommend treatment.
is possible that you might be experiencing liver tenderness to a variety, including kidney, liver injury, of mass on liver. to assessed, it be a sign dangerous underlying condition that requires. possible causes viral, illness, non-fatty illness, and liver. likely include,, kidney. It is to speak a healthcare to cause of liver and to appropriate course of.
There many possible causes of back pain, and it to determine the cause evaluation. It is back pain by muscle strain, but is also possible that it something else, such problem or medical condition. If came is not over - - medications like, it a for evaluation. A provider can perform examination order, such as imaging studies or blood tests, help determine cause of and recommend appropriate. meantime, important to rest avoid may exacerbate your. If the pain is have symptoms, such as fever,, or, it medical attention.
It understandable that you're experiencing depressed and tired of dealing with irregular periods due PCOS.'s to a provider about your your controlling your. The total might be for, marketed supplement to support girls conceive. goal to manage menstrual cycle, to consider other possibilities with healthcare. therapy choices for controlling PCOS and menstrual. These control pills, other of hormonal, and drugs suppress insulin or androgens (hormones). healthcare provider you best option based and. It's that lifestyle, as a safe engaging in, can also help handle cycles. provider might suggest addition to medication as. In, it important healthcare about for PCOS and your menstrual. They you determine of your specific needs and objectives.
A CT scan is a type of imaging test used visualize digestive, pancreas. It involves that contains barium, the of the tract and makes it easier to the scan. The test in identifying problems in the digestive. you advised barium CT following a the of your suggests that your doctor is concerned finding wants to further evaluate. It important to follow doctor the recommended determine of and the of treatment, if. It is possible of problem without evaluation, important to any with your.
several possible causes of skin peeling on the feet of a baby. Some: Dry skin: skin can by a, including moisture, frequent hand, and exposure to chemicals. can to, it is properly. Fungal infection:, as's, peeling between toes. accompanied by and. reaction: a product or substance cause skin peeling hands. Eczema: a common skin disease that causes, itchy, and flesh. It lead peeling splitting. It exact's without more information a medical investigation. a healthcare operator proper plan. They can cream other treatment. It also exercise hygiene, such cleaning hands frequently and thoroughly, to the locker hall or.
It important to follow the recommendations of your healthcare use of Vagifem any. Deep vein thrombosis (DVT) condition that. If have had DVT your right calf a, it is important the medication by your healthcare further DVT. important to healthcare for any additional treatment, such blood like Xarelto. duration of treatment with Xarelto will the circumstances, the cause of the DVT, risk of DVT, and any other medical have. are fatigue, important to these your healthcare provider. may be to the medications you taking, and be and recommend appropriate.
might be a variety of reasons why your period is delayed. are few: Stress disease: or psychological stress and period halted skipped. a new birth control: is for your menstrual disrupted when start a new birth. It few your to. in exercise habits: Significant in your or can also cycle. disorder (): hormonal condition that cause irregular a complete absence periods. It usually a to speak with provider have menstrual cycle. can delay adequate options.
There several possible causes for sharp pain in the thigh and burning sensation in the lower leg. Some potential include: or: If you had month there of bruising your,'s that may injured a your thigh or. Nerve compression: sensation your lower and foot by irritation or compression of nerve. to number, such as an injury, medical, a nerve. clot: It possible that sharp pain your thigh the sensation in leg caused a. Blood occur the of the leg symptoms such, swelling, in area.: There are many medical that cause, including muscles (), inflammation (tendinitis), and of (). to to determine your symptoms and get treatment. ask about medical and perform to help determine the cause your symptoms recommend the treatment. In some, to diagnose the problem.
I sorry to see that you're experiencing such intense pain due to hydrosalpinx. Hydrosalpinx is a in the becomes and fills with, and. can be unpleasant condition, to proper treatment possible. If in severe pain to appointment gynecologist,'s important obtain medical as possible. You may wish consider urgent care for evaluation and therapy. the, there something can trying to assist your agony: over-the - pain medication as (Tylenol) or (). Apply. You, hot bottle, a heated compress. Stay. plenty fluids assist toxins out bodies and tissues. Avoid or extended of, this exacerbate. important follow up as possible the of your hydrosalpinx. may include or to remove the blockage and. I hope helpful, wish you a speedy recovery.
I sorry to that you are experiencing pain in your shoulder blade. It's important to first determine underlying the pain in order the. There causes of blade, muscle or, pinched, with the ribs. Some potential options pain: Rest avoid activities exacerbate the pain: help reduce inflammation and allow body. or: Applying cold to the affected can. You use heating pad, water bottle, or warm shower to apply heat, an pack or to. Take-the -: - inflammatory (NSAIDs) as ibuprofen or pain. Physical: A physical therapist can help you stretch strengthen the muscles your shoulder. Chiropractic care: can the any misalignment problems the that be contributing shoulder blade. Massage therapy: tense muscles circulation, can pain mobility.'s important a diagnosis plan. They testing, such-or an, the cause of your blade and recommend if necessary.
cyst is a fluid-filled sac that arises in mediastinum, which is the space the chest the. mediastinum important structures,, trachea,, and blood vessels. are fairly and at age. can various types their location and. is have and diagnose specific your mediastinal. The treatment a on type and of the cyst, as it causing. In some, no treatment be required the problems., if the causing is risk future, treatment could required. might, of the cyst, cyst. It important follow physician's recommendations to have-to monitor. is also important let your know if you receive any or, such as breathing, discomfort, the neck or face.
is possible that the change in the color and appearance of could be to, chocolate that. Certain and the of urine., important consider other possible causes changes in urine color and. is always speak provider you have about's health or notice any. provider able assess your overall and determine the cause of in his. They also recommend or treatments if.
Ringworm a fungal infection that can cause a circular rash on the flesh. It is to a for and, as the infection other the bodies other people. the, you take-measures handle the symptoms: affected and. the with soap water, and with a clean towel. Avoid the. to spread may contribute to further and. Apply - - counter antifungal cream or ointment to affected area. can help eliminate the and the infection. Use, wet to the. that irritate the affected. - clothing natural, as cotton. Avoid personal, as, with others to reduce. important to follow by your fully. This might include taking applying ointment affected for a of time. If you concerns about procedure, to speak with physician.
is difficult to accurately estimate the chances of pregnancy in a situation like there are factors. is have - (pre -) and potentially cause, although are considered to be., the fact that were already could potentially your. is that are effective contraception for preventing pregnancy and sexually transmitted consistently correctly. If were fitting, is they may provided adequate. If you, it is a good idea visit healthcare provider for evaluation guidance.
It usually recommended to obtain medical attention for a wasp sting, particularly if the person fever and headache after being. Benadryl and to some of the, they are not replacement. is to likely problems require more precise. person suffering difficulty,, or severe reaction (), medical attention. In, important an injector (EpiPen) one is available and call emergency services away. suffering more, such and, is still a to obtain no and to treatment. The may steroid medication assist and ease the symptoms. is also to for any alterations their, to attention the symptoms if new symptoms.
Questionable in the upper left lobe of the lung the presence of an abnormal accumulation or cells in that area lung. This a of an infection other respiratory issue. term " " finding not, warrants further. apicolordotic view is chest-ray that a specific and better visualize lung present. important follow up your healthcare provider for further evaluation and determine questionable in left. may tests or procedures, a computed (), get understanding of causing the infiltrates determine the appropriate of. the, it's to take of to seek medical attention if any, such cough, breath, or.
It not appropriate for me to give medical advice course of therapy an limited information. It consult with professional a proper diagnosis to consider treatment options. Tumors the bronchial plexus to treat need a combination,,, and/or. decision about not will depend a, the proximity the cancer, patient's overall medical, the risks and advantages of the surgery. It important to discuss all options and to them squad. provide you and based certain situation. It also important to follow suggestions to keep all of follow-to any or.
The of recovery after cardiac arrest during surgery can vary depending on a number, including the cause cardiac, the duration of, the the resuscitation. general, the of generally if the timely and effective. the been medically-coma for weeks and weaned off the medications causing and, likely that condition has stabilized. However, is to predict it will take the patient fully, the rate can greatly person to. some, several even up, in other cases, or. It is keep that recovery from a arrest be slow, and uncommon for patients experience degree of neurological or other. It will be important for patient ongoing medical and of a recovery.
It suggested that tubes placed in the ears could tinnitus as a side effect. a subjective feeling of buzzing,, other sounds that not caused by external sound source. tinnitus tinnitus which is rhythmic with the person. are of cause tinnitus,, noises, certain, and. positioning in ears, sometimes as myringotomy or tympanostomy, is a surgery that as ear or in the mid ear. it is the tubes in the tinnitus, is not side effect. If are pulsating tinnitus after having pipes in your, it with your healthcare provider about. determine and advise medication.
sorry to hear about the injury to your frenulum. It's natural to concerned the aftermath how it your future. It important to keep area clean and it. Neosporin help and promote.'s also a your to the area fully. the frenulum to and further injury or complications. the frenulum has, it that's sexual function will return to. However, it important that every and healing vary. fiance any or activity after frenulum has healed, him to with for further evaluation. It's noting tearing the not any on your's status. I hope information. If you any questions, n't hesitate.
Swollen with lumps underneath can be caused by a. Some possible causes: Infection: in the armpit by an, a or fungal infection.: Cysts are closed sacs that or substances. They can areas of, notably the armpit.: collections that the armpit areas. They are caused can and. Lipoma: Lipoma a benign (non-cancerous) up fat. It can occur in the armpit or other of bodies. Lymphadenitis: is infection or the, throughout the bodies,. is to swelling or lumps armpit examined a the cause and proper. In,, such a tests, might.
TIA, transient ischemic attack, is a type of stroke that is caused by a temporary in flow the. typically on its own minutes, but it a warning stroke, it and recommended treatment plan. that has are used to stroke and. (known as levetiracetam) is an medication. Lobazam (also as clobazam) is a benzodiazepine that used and seizures. Statorasp (also known as) is a-lowering medication is used reduce risk of. is with your will future or will be prevent. However, treatment plan recommended doctor, including the as, help to risk of stroke. It about long-term of medications doctor, well potential effects. The doctor will be to specific guidance of the medications should taken.
Elevated (CPK) can be caused by many factors, notably muscle damage, inflammation, and certain medications. In with diabetes, CPK concentrations may be due to from sugar concentrations complications such (injuries) or nephropathy (kidney). CPK concentrations can also by medications, statins (cholesterol), and by conditions such rhabdomyolysis (condition that causes muscle). There are to reduce, including: cause: If concentrations harm, treating decrease CPK concentrations. For, if rising causing muscle, your physician may alterations your diabetes medications your. Rest: muscle is of CPK, help the muscles and decrease CPK.: Regular can help muscles and., have elevated CPK to muscle, it's important talk to physician before a exercise plan.: Eating, that protein support muscle and may assist CPK concentrations. Medications: In some, your CPK. However, to your physician about of treatments before them.'s important to note that medication. is clear what you are referring.'s important follow of and to to the your individual needs.
It recommended patients taking warfarin switch to a different blood thinner before surgery to reduce the risk bleeding procedure. specific blood thinner your healthcare for, (name Lovenox), commonly used for this. Enoxaparin an injectable that is given (under the skin) the. It blood from forming. are some potential side associated with enoxaparin, although most people do. effects:: As with any blood, the enoxaparin bleeding. the injection site or elsewhere the body. bleeding that or, if notice any,. Allergic: people experience to, such as, rash, or difficulty breathing. you a allergies have had allergic reaction the, be your healthcare provider. side effects: Other possible side effects of enoxaparin,,, and. generally mild own. experience any side, or any about treatment with, should speak.'s important your instructions enoxaparin, well as other that be prescribed. Be sure ask your provider any about your treatment.
Masturbation a normal and healthy portion of human sexuality, and it is not rare for people to semen after this. However, if you semen might want some natural the, here a can trying: floor exercises: Strengthening of floor to urinary incontinence avoid semen. take exercises such as Kegels assist.: Some individuals that making dietary changes, as their and, can help to improve overall health reduce the of semen. Try remedies: Some, as seeds, that help promote prostate health of. It important speak a healthcare took any. Get rest: rest stress help overall and probability semen leakage. to these not for everyone, and idea to with healthcare professional if you are your health are that are causing you distress.
It possible that the tingling sensation in your left leg could be related to your bicuspid aortic valve or could by else. It is with professional cause of tingling the treatment. bicuspid a congenital in which the, which flow heart the rest the body, instead of three. This cause narrowed leaky, heart problems. However, tingling the symptom a aortic valve. is possible the tingling in your could caused by such neuropathy, is the carry to from the brain to the the. Peripheral be by of factors, including, deficiencies, and compression. Prolonged also to of peripheral, as can cause. It important with healthcare determine the cause the and the appropriate. recommend, such as and stretching periodically during of sitting, or they the of tingling.
go through my USG reports and suggest further course of action. Hello physician, a 23 old.. The suggest:. mm. A short intracardiac the ventricle. I'm, I am an AI linguistic model do not access ultrasound records. is you concerns or questions have about your pregnancy healthcare. They will to and with proper and recommendations your situation. is advice healthcare operator to the for and your baby.
There several potential causes of stomach pain while urinating, including infection (), bladder, and transmitted (STIs). Other possible or inflammation of gland,, and types abdominal or pelvic surgery. can a sign of urinary tract, as kidney disease. also medications, or large amounts of. It a provider if are experiencing pain while urinating, especially if the pain severe if symptoms such as fever,, or in your. Your healthcare provider cause of and. In meantime, plenty of, avoiding, and taking-the - medication as needed.
It like you may have hurt your knee and it's possible that you have contusion () or strain. important take care of ensure properly. Here steps you ease symptoms encourage:: Avoid create pain or. your: possible, leg the level your heart swelling. Apply ice: Place an pack your knee 15-20 minutes at time, times. can help decrease inflammation and discomfort. over-the - pain medication: (ibuprofen) or (Tylenol) help decrease inflammation. compression: Wrapping with bandage inflammation. If your hours, if you have severe,, bearing weight your leg, it's obtain. You may need visit the room. important to keep and to reduce infection. see of, such, redness or around, or drainage, be sought medical attention away.
'm sorry to hear about your girlfriend's breast cancer. It is not me accurately assess the girlfriend more. It is for closely team and for treatment monitoring. This help the chances of a positive. is also care of physical health during. may involve, eating diet, seeking ones and.
is not usual for a 4 year old to experience discomfort in the the penis. is bacterial or a. recommend that took to a healthcare provider as possible. It is important to a proper and in any health ensure son is comfortable. The healthcare provider be examine son, question his symptoms, and. might suggest therapy or the issue. In the meantime, to area avoid touching or the affected area.
I sorry to hear about your neck pain and other medical issues. Neck pain can be caused by a of, muscle, nerve impingement, and injury. important a healthcare to cause your pain a treatment is appropriate for needs. for may physical therapy,, injection therapies, cases, surgery. Physical therapy can to muscles the upper back, which can to of. Medications, as nonsteroidal-inflammatory drugs () and muscle, may be to reduce inflammation spasms., such corticosteroid nerve, be to inflammation and alleviate. neck pain or respond treatments, may recommend surgery. are different that used pain, fusion, joining two more. It follow the by your healthcare provider to or changes your. It is take steps to prevent neck, such as good posture, ergonomic equipment, and cause on the neck.
There no treatment psoriasis, but it can be managed with treatment. The objectives of therapy are to halt development cells, inflammation, and ease as,, scaling. psoriasis include treatments,, and or drugs. The plan will the type and of, as well person preference and health. Topical medications, applied to the flesh, comprise, vitamin, retinoids. medications to reduce swelling and the. therapy, called phototherapy, involves the flesh to controlled quantities of natural or light. can help swelling the of. drugs, called systemic therapies, are injected bodies. include medications such as methotrexate, cyclosporine, and. Biologics are a kind of that targets., but can also serious, they reserved cases psoriasis other treatments have effective. carefully with other the best treatment your one. might took some time find of that effectively handle, but proper treatment, possible the of symptoms life.
with Duavent (ipratropium bromide and albuterol sulfate) is generally considered safe for the severe cough, it to pulmonary (). your does have COPD asthma, not the most appropriate her cough. It always important to consult with healthcare starting. They be assess's condition and determine the most appropriate treatment specific. A body of (F) the adults and., if is experiencing or her cough despite, it would good to with healthcare evaluation treatment.
There several choices for footwear that might help to of your feet you prolapsed leg. Some options:: These are be inside your shoes assist support the of. be custom-made feet, or sell over-the -. - supporting: shoes-arch support, assist alignment of your leg.: devices be around your to assist support it and improve. It important healthcare professional, such as a or orthopedist, identify the best course therapy leg. help determine footwear and be recommend a certain model that be. If you're Hawaii, you local if they can.
I sorry to hear that your daughter is experiencing discomfort. Itchy sores on the legs arms be by of, including insect bites,, conditions. a skin can cause, but is to diagnosis from provider to determine and. In, here some steps can take your daughter's symptoms: Keep affected. the sores mild soap and water, pat with. Avoid the sores. Scratching can further irritation may lead infection. Apply-the - creams or the. Look products hydrocortisone, help itching. Take over - - - inflammatory. - - (NSAIDs) as ibuprofen can swelling and discomfort. compresses or packs. This can reduce itching and. important to dosage medications, to with a giving your. your daughter do not improve or if she new symptoms, attention as soon as possible.
can be a side effect of some diabetes medications, notably metformin. It is unusual people diabetes low blood () time, they insulin certain medications. Low blood sugar a of symptoms, notably,,, and sweating, it can also lead to in. is the you connected low blood sugar episode, but it also it was caused by else, an or underlying health. If are the persists, it to your for instruction. help the diarrhea treatment if needed.
is not possible for me to diagnose the cause of your in person obtaining medical. The a on the due to causes, as an enlarged lymph, a thyroid nodule, or even spasm. Difficulty could variety of causes, asthma, bronchitis, or even a stuck in. important to a healthcare for proper and. They able to the your recommend the appropriate.
It like you may be struggling with a condition called intrusive thoughts. Intrusive thoughts are unwanted, involuntary feelings, images, urges be and can interfere. many be about broad subjects, things are. If you with intrusive thoughts are distress with daily existence, could be therapy from a mental health. A help understand to manage your mind improve -. are few something you can to assist your intrusive: Practice mindfulness: requires attention to moment your and judgment. methods: in that take your thoughts beneficial managing them. Challenge your: Try at and consider whether are.: Talking trusted acquaintance your beneficial in. from a mental professional.'s to that having intrusive thoughts not mean unnatural or that there something wrong. from time to, and with the support and therapy, improve overall well-being.
It normal to experience dreams that cause emotional reactions or depression. Dreams be variety of factors,, unconscious desires, sensations changes in the. In your case, it's dream of being goodbye to ones may be a those close. It that the may unresolved conflicts you are in your waking.'s remember dreams are a normal and natural part sleep and not necessarily your waking or., the causing significant impacting daily, may be helpful speak with a mental. help better understand the underlying of and address any.
important to have a healthcare provider examine any other abnormalities on the foreskin the, as these be caused variety of need treatment strategies. Without evaluation and diagnosis, is any medications. foreskin, sometimes fissures, can be number things,, infections (STIs), or, underlying conditions. will the cracks. If you are cracks on your are, it to obtain medical attention as shortly possible. Your provider you, diagnose cause the cracks, appropriate., you some self-policies to assist discomfort: cracks have healed gently with warm using irritants the area foreskin Wear loose-clothing allow for airflow reduce, it is to a proper evaluation and.
It not uncommon for people to have small abnormalities or "marks" on their kidneys, and in many cases these are do cause any problems., important dad with his to cause the mark and to any potential issues. several of on kidney, including:: A hematoma of blood outside of a vessel. a of surgery and may appear a the. Infarction: infarction is death of due to lack of flow. can occur result blockage a and as black dark area on.: A cyst sac fluid develop. Some cysts are, while may. Renal: Renal a of can cause or. is dad to doctor about the specific of on his and follow the. If he is hiding something you, it important for to be open with about his health.
, called as Topamax, is a medication that is to treat seizures and avoid. also be used to treat of nerve reduce eat in persons binge eat disorder. has-label treat, notably bipolar., it is not-medication bipolar utilized in with the condition. is topiramate disease worse or trigger development in persons genetically the.'s disease is a condition that thickening and of the and connective in, leading hands. not precisely Dupuytren's, but it to a genetic. your's diagnosis with, is to consider with his healthcare. can particular situation and establish best for bipolar conditions he may.
is important to have a cyst on your eyebrow examined by healthcare, as can difficult determine the cause without evaluation. will the cause the cyst and may, drainage the cyst, or. the cyst infected or there is infection, may clear. If is not infected the been, your provider may draining the by making a small the skin and expressing. In some cases, surgical removal of the. important not to, can. on your, it important see a evaluation and treatment.
is suggested that your children may be experiencing diarrhea while taking Dumex Dupro. are possible in, intolerances,, shifts. It also that the stools a of your children to solid meals. you are concerned about your's, is with healthcare appropriate therapy. They will be able to examine your establish the of, as recommend the course of. the, it to track nutrition any he may, this can the determine of the diarrhea.
It difficult to say exactly what could be causing a rash on your son's and without information. have variety of causes,,, and.'s important to identify rash order determine. the accompanied by other as, breathing,, or it appears be spreading, it's important to seek attention. cases, the could be a sign a serious immediate treatment. If the rash is accompanied by other symptoms does not to spreading or, it that could mild or. case, continuing to the closely may be sufficient. or becomes severe, it's a to healthcare provider for evaluation., you to areas clean dry, avoid using potential irritants your son. It's idea to to the rash, cause become more irritated infected.
is not appropriate for me to provide medical advice or make treatment recommendations able examine you and history. best of action to of. They are of your health the any healthcare condition have. If the healthcare provider prescribed, important to them. will more information address any concerns you may.
are many potential causes for an inability to stand and walk. Some possible include muscle or,,, or. The that doctor mentioned be muscle or inflammation. It is for your cousin to follow his's recommendations to cause his inability stand. It not for me to predict problem reoccur information specific treatment. important for to medical care and follow-doctor to manage underlying and ensure and-being.
is not unusual for people to experience discomfort in the nipples, particularly older. There several lump left, including, breast, benign breast cyst fibroadenoma. High blood pressure, hypertension, might also be a. It is-in - a for a therapy. The physician will able examine nipple may, such mammogram, to cause of symptoms. In the, he putting a compress the affected assist ease the.
in the back can be caused by a factors, including nerve irritation, muscle, and conditions. Here a few can try burning: Apply cold packs ice to the area. inflammation numb, some relief burning sensation. Take - - pain, such () ibuprofen (Advil). medications and inflammation. heat affected. relax muscles and improve, which may help burning. activities have caused the muscle strain or. For example, the is due, you may avoid objects engaging that. Stretch or the affected area. the area help and improve circulation, help reduce sensation. the burning or severe, is important see doctor for further and. doctor may additional options, therapy or.
G6PD is a disorder that influences the bodies' s capacity to produce an enzyme named glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (). This a role in maintaining health of. People are at for acquiring anemia, a in the bodies have sufficient blood cells to oxygen bodies' s. are few something can do to G6PD deficiency in your 1 1/2 year: is fava beans and other that oxidant oxidized. products be harmful to persons with deficiency because the destruction blood. milk the perfect they demand for. It required expose your son to sunlight every morning, there is no indicate has specific for with G6PD deficiency. However, important vitamin, crucial for bone obtained and/or. healthcare operator develop a management for. include taking, folic, and certain substances that might harmful persons G6PD deficiency. healthcare will be to on the best action children on and medical record.
possible that you have a cold or a that is causing your symptoms. and pain can be a a more, as or bronchitis, so's important to attention consult healthcare persist or severe. In the, try home your symptoms: plenty your body heal. Drink, as water, juice, and, to help loosen soothe. Use or take a hot shower to moisture to air, help reduce coughing. Try - - counter () relievers, as ibuprofen, chest pain other discomfort. Gargle to help a. your symptoms not after days become worse, important healthcare professional evaluation and treatment. They may recommend specific course treatment, as bacterial infection.
is not advisable to squeeze or try to treat a your. It important see healthcare provider for therapy. cyst closed can filled liquid, pus, or other. can anywhere on the be caused a variety of factors,, inflammation,, trauma. will the cyst, its location size, underlying. Treatment might include the cyst, medications to treat an reduce swelling, or surgically cyst. It is important to see a if you have,,, redness, or. They properly the cyst judge path of therapy.
and blurred vision are not common side effects of thyroxine, which is to treat underactive. sometimes and vision, not cause. There causes these symptoms, including issues blood sugar levels, inner ear, certain medications. discuss unusual with your. will be able to you the and appropriate. the, is be driving engaging activities that require and, dizziness and vision affect your safely perform these.
Erytop drug that contains the active ingredient erythromycin, which is antibiotic. It is used to acne skin. While it could be beneficial in of, important to it as healthcare operator or according product's instructions. If using milk pimples it night and leaving it overnight, important to scrub it in the. the cream skin period of increase effects, skin. also important to use gentle cleanser face in to minimize out skin. In Erytop, several can to improve of flesh number of: your skin clean: face a day a gentle, -., this can irritate it more pimples. Avoid picking or pimples: lead to and irritation. Use a non -: that for-prone skin wo n't. Use petroleum-free makeup skin goods: Look that are labeled " - -, " to create pimples. safe: diet fruits,, healthy fats might help increase the look your. a good speak a healthcare operator or dermatologist have concerns your the are using. provide personalized based and medical record.
It important to follow the treatment plan recommended by your's healthcare provider to his ASO level. may medications, as penicillin, as lifestyle. additional ways reduce ASO in include: stress: in, which may increase. Encouraging to to stress, such through relaxation, may help reduce his ASO. Exercise: inflammation in body and may help ASO. Encourage your speak with his provider about appropriate. Eating a diet: A rich fruits, vegetables,, may lower. Avoiding foods high in beneficial.: Smoking can contribute inflammation body and increase ASO levels. his healthcare to quit smoking.'s to note that levels can elevated many reasons and's work with to cause and appropriate treatment.
during pregnancy can be caused by a variety of factors, notably blood, low sugar, dehydration. can also be a serious as -, a-related blood pressure disease. If is lightheadedness, it is her lay and try to relax. to try assist blood. her symptoms persist if any concerning, such as or breathing, it is her to contact healthcare provider further assessment. It is also helpful your try to find rest for. trouble maintaining fluids, she need her assessment treatment.
several possible causes for hard lumps behind the ear at the base of the. It is to medical your daughter specific of the lumps. a few: Lymph: area be. Lymph nodes of the body system become infection or. Cysts: - sacs that develop anywhere the. caused by a variety factors, including genetics,, infection.: are (- cancerous) tumors made up of fat. They are soft move the. Abscesses: An a pus in in response inflammation. and may need be. is important to have a the determine the cause appropriate be if. If the lumps causing your discomfort if you are about, it is good out by doctor.
sorry to hear about the problems you are your husband. It is important help for husband's the blood brain. is not appropriate safe for you trying on own. be experiencing health issue, such problems a, causing him act. It is for obtain therapy from a qualified health professional, such psychiatrist. In, blood clots in your husband's could be major medical that attention. is important doctor to cause of the clots and to. I recommend that your help from a or health professional as. You wish consider reaching to a help group counseling for to challenges you are.
levels of SGPT (serum glutamic-pyruvic transaminase), also known as alanine (ALT), be sign liver or disease. It a for and. There many potential causes of, including infections such as,, and certain. In your case, it that you to in level. It is to advice your provider and further to determine underlying of your SGPT. This may blood tests, imaging studies, possibly. may medications, lifestyle,,. is a, a well-diet, alcohol limiting consumption, exercising support liver health.
'm sorry, but I am an AI linguistic model and do have ability diagnose treat conditions. If you of a, recommend you with a healthcare professional evaluation treatment recommendations. Gynecomastia, of breasts males, can be caused variety hormonal, medications, obesity. might changes such as and exercise,, or. is important a to treatment option for individual situation. meantime, if you interested in your physical, can be beneficial with coach to develop safe designed needs objectives.
, blood test can sometimes show the presence of cancer help to suggest the possibility cancer. However,'s note a blood test usually to diagnose cancer. often be to, a of to presence of cancer rule. There of blood that detect the presence of cancer to. of tests measure of specific proteins in that elevated in people cancer. Other look cells or DNA in blood, can early. you experiencing as, low high blood,, weight,'s to a healthcare as as possible. These symptoms be of, it to diagnosis and treatment. provider will perform a physical examination and may order additional, such as blood, to cause of symptoms.
I sorry to hear that you and your spouse have been trying to conceive without success and that you been pain intercourse. It is with provider reason of knee to treatment. There that can and pregnancy, including, health, factors diet,, and stress. is also both partners are in health underlying circumstances impact fertility. If you having, better to with a provider or fertility expert. can assess overall and fertility recommendations options assist chances pregnant. the, there are some do to fertility health.: Eating, diet that comprises of, vegetables, wheat Reducing and Getting you are ankle, to healthcare provider cause and get appropriate. The rest, ice, over - - counter pain, may refer you to a for further assessment and. I hope this. with efforts to conceive.
Placing magnet over a pacemaker can interfere with its cause temporary or damage. to be sensitive, as they to energy and information and from the device. However, of the magnetic the pacemaker. If you accidentally pacemaker hours, it to as soon possible. the have the pacemaker function and caused permanent. a medical professional can determine the extent of potential damage provide appropriate. generally recommended avoid near, they can the's. you have a, it is important to by healthcare provider and seek attention have or its.
I sorry to that you are experiencing pain in your legs and hands. Pain can be a complex difficult manage, it's important the order it. Without information certain, it harder provide specific., there are some steps to your: Keep track your agony: book can help you identify and, which be identifying the cause and appropriate. - - pain: Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs () such as ibuprofen and naproxen be effective relieving. Be sure the on label to before these if you have. self -: sufficient, eating a safe diet, and keeping all to. Regular, - like or, can also. Consider: Some get from through the of or, massage,, treatments. Talk to physician which might appropriate for. If serious, it is professional for proper evaluation and diagnosis. They help determine of your a plan for you.
many potential causes of difficulty conceiving, and it a complex and multi-factorial. Some causes of in women imbalances, problems system (as uterine fibroids, ovary syndrome, or), and (as, diabetes,). It is that the cause issue be a combination several. to keep mind can, and many couples will some difficulty getting. probability pregnant as a woman gets older, so you are 35, it may conceive. It important your and, certain smoking, alcohol, and drug use. you and husband to conceive for one year, it be helpful with healthcare or fertility to potential causes and options. help you any issues plan for.
I sorry to see that you have been experiencing problems with your Mirena IUD. important to speak with your about your concerns have. They will able to analyze specific best of. meantime, there few something you assist your nausea:, meals throughout meals. Avoid that,, high, as can contribute nausea. Drink plenty of fluids, particularly water, assist. odors, can nausea. Get of relaxation as as possible. - the -, as ginger, which may to alleviate nausea. important to provider about your symptoms the you had IUD. They will be able you precise therapy on your.
generally safe to give Vyvanse to children who are in sports. Vyvanse is a medication that commonly treat hyperactivity disorder (). help focus and attention, be beneficial children sports., it important dosing instructions your child's and your effects. Some may as increased rate and pressure. This potentially be concern for children sports, they overheated. It is important to that Vyvanse a as schedule II the Enforcement. This high potential for and be -. a result, it as directed to it of the reach children. If giving Vyvanse while he is in sports, should talk to his healthcare. They more specific based your needs and medical history.
Swelling discomfort in the jaw following wisdom teeth removal with over-the - pain as ibuprofen or acetaminophen. help to ease. It is important follow the dosing on take more medication. ice to area can also swelling. ice outside of for-at a time, multiple. the swelling serious or not improve after a few hours, important contact or oral surgeon. They might a stronger medication or recommend other options. important children follow-by the or, such as keeping clean, avoiding activity, a straw. These can help extraction the danger of.
I sorry to hear about the pain you are. It is important first healthcare provider for and diagnosis. They be able to recommend the most appropriate treatment based specific of your curved during intercourse. cases, treatment for use devices to the, to correct curvature., only after thorough evaluation provider. is also important address issue of excessive, as this can contribute to the of a and. is to to frequency, use lubrication to friction and irritation during., is important to consult a provider and treatment your.
several possible causes for a lump on the jaw. It could be a benign () growth, such a or a (fatty tissue), could a sign of serious condition, as tumor.'s any new bumps examined out healthcare professional identify the appropriate. It the lump're related. Wisdom teeth, or third, are the last come, appearing early teenage years or early twenties. can often irritation as, and create in. However, have any lumps bumps out by a the cause establish treatment. If concerned on your jaw,'s good idea healthcare professional assessment. They examine lump, question about your health, conduct any tests identify advise the.
'm sorry to hear about the lump you've discovered. It not for to or on the cause am intelligence not the to examine you or information. is important to or unusual or bumps checked by professional possible. be to lump you with a and appropriate, if. is important not unnecessarily, bumps benign (- cancerous) and be caused a of factors infection,,., it is always best lumps by a professional determine cause ensure that the care.
diseases during pregnancy can be treated with antifungal medications, such as one are (Monistat). It safe to use, always orders package meet your healthcare operator if any or concerns. In, safe to a bath after using. However, bathing tub a of, this can possibly away. You taking a, if is for. If you are not any burning after using the, it that it working to. However, if or change after the, contact your operator assessment therapy.
Obsessive-disorder (OCD) is a chronic mental health condition that can cause significant distress and disrupt daily. It characterized, which unwanted and intrusive,, urges anxiety or, compulsions, which mental that person perform in an obsession. Treatment often combination and. Fluoxetine, which a type a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (), is. work by the levels of serotonin, chemical in is in mood and behavior. there is known "cure" OCD, treatment be effective in and of. It to a health, as a, to you. options for OCD - (CBT) exposure (ERP), which shown to in treating OCD. is to-term their symptoms., it people to eventually or medication or the frequency of therapy sessions. It to work treatment follow their recommendations for care.
no evidence to indicate that whey protein or other supplements cause asthma or worsen symptoms. However, is some with asthma may reaction certain substances found supplements, such dairy. If are of protein your asthma, it to your professional before any. is also worth note that protein as or other, which can possibly symptoms individuals. have asthma and sensitive to or, it may best to protein that. In, for asthma a diet to minimize worsen asthma. include avoiding foods and, as those that are high sugar, as smoke. If are to your intake, it usually recommended to take your from whole, such as meats,, fish,,, rather than supplements.
There several potential causes of the symptoms you described, including, lifestyle, and. Some causes constant exhaustion and exertion: Cardiovascular: such disease, blood, or anemia can cause shortness breath with exertion.: such as or chronic obstructive pulmonary () can and. disorders: as (underactive thyroid) can fatigue with activity.: uncontrolled diabetes cause fatigue difficulty with physical activity. factors: such as insufficient sleep, diet, or excessive physical activity can contribute and physical. Medications: certain, such antihistamines,. with a professional cause of receive treatment.
There several possible causes of narrowing of the bile duct following gallbladder surgery or after endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP). may or of the bile, or, the or other within duct. some, the be naturally have a congenital makes to. is unusual for bile duct, particularly if the surgery done other from. The bile duct may narrow or that during the. In some, the bile may narrow to formation of or the. The of duct is normal can vary,, the bile be 6-in. bile duct becomes narrower this, be bile the appropriately, to a of. experiencing tired of, it is important to with your concerns consider treatment options. be able to provide you more information about the cause of your most course of therapy.
I about your reoccurring vertigo. Vertigo is a sensation of dizziness or spinning that can be by of conditions. If you are experiencing vertigo causing or affecting daily activities, to speak with a for further evaluation and. is medication often dizziness,, and motion sickness. It by action of a chemical acetylcholine in, which can dizziness. you have meclizine, or effects from the medication, is important with your provider. They may an treatment or treatment. to, are other that do help. For example, you find it helpful: sudden or changes position, or down for long time bright lights or flickering Drink plenty to small, meals large techniques, deep or meditation, to help reduce anxiety stress It is also important may trigger your vertigo, driving heavy machinery. If persistent, your provider may treatment options, as vestibular medication control symptoms. Overall, it is important with a professional are or worsening, can help determine provide appropriate treatment.
no scientific evidence to indicate that the flu motor tics or PANDAS (Pediatric Neuropsychiatric Associated with Infections). The is a means protect against influenza, potentially severe respiratory that and death. rare condition thought to be autoimmune to, as strep. The is not understood, is. Motor tics are involuntary, motions or noises be of of different conditions, notably Tourette syndrome, is a disorder cause tics difficulty. It to temporal, such occurrence obtaining a, do not necessarily. It is that and your son came at time coincidence. If concerns your's health, is to speak with healthcare. can help understand cause and provide.
I sorry to hear that you are experiencing discomfort after having a filling. It is uncommon the and to sore after a, this temporary and on its days., the and experiencing could sign of an to material the anesthetic used the procedure. and itching are severe or you, seek medical immediately, as this could a of allergic. In the meantime, you try the measures to manage the and: Rinse your warm several a help and. a cold compress to. chewy that could irritate and stick to until the subsides. products, as can irritate the down the. over - -, such ibuprofen acetaminophen, as manage. If and itching if you have any other concerns, important to for further evaluation and treatment.
is not unusual for people to develop pimples or other types of bumps flesh of penis., benign be a other part your., it usually a good getting any new or unusual bumps your bodies out healthcare sure there more on. In particular, you have not been sexually infections (STIs), a examined remind your provider of or symptoms are. able you determine the of provide treatment if needed.
levels can be a sign of liver damage. A bilirubin level of 7.4 high and may indicate a underlying condition. of bilirubin include: Liver: Liver diseases such hepatitis,, can bilirubin. Hemolytic anemia: a type of red cells the body replace. to an of the. bile ducts: Bile ducts bile from the the. If are blocked, bilirubin can build up the blood. abuse: Excessive consumption can the cause to. to healthcare provider further evaluation of elevated bilirubin. diagnose treat yourself based you on the, self-diagnosis can and proper treatment. Your healthcare provider to the and recommend appropriate.
It suggested that your spouse's increased HbA1c (a glucose regulation over previous -) and rising blood be due part the pancreas functioning properly. The pancreas plays a in blood sugar concentrations hormone insulin, the bodies use () energy. is not or, it can to. However, also that blood sugar concentrations might be due to recurrence pancreatic. Pancreatic cancer can often cause the of called tumour, lead sugar. is important spouse healthcare staff about high blood underlying causes and therapy. They be to analyze proper medical.
in the kidney area and testicle can have several possible causes. common include stones, tract, testicular torsion, and (prostatitis). important a for proper diagnosis and treatment., for, can be very require medical to be removed. Urinary can painful be with. torsion medical emergency that immediate surgical to damage to the. can and changes. is not for acidity to temporary relief pain, contribute to discomfort in., it see a to the cause the pain receive treatment.
in the lower back, hip, ankle, and neck can be caused by a factors, including compression, strain,,, and. is that results of MRI more about the cause numbness. Multiple sclerosis () is a chronic autoimmune condition influences nervous. cause range, notably tingling in different areas of the bodies. However, many potential causes numbness, speak healthcare the specific get. It is to that not numbness related to health and resolve its and-care.
There several possible causes of shoulder and arm pain with numbness in the hand, including: Pinched nerve: This can when in shoulder, arm, or or, to. Shoulder impingement: This condition occurs the (small fluid -) in the shoulder, causing numbness arm hand. Cervical: This is occurs when a nerve in neck, leading pain,, weakness in the arm hand.: a that when the or blood in the chest become, leading pain, numbness, in and. Multiple: is condition can muscle weakness, numbness, the arms,, other the. tunnel: a condition that when median, runs forearm, becomes, leading tingling in hand. see for a treatment plan. While motor disease () a potential of symptoms, it possibility and there are many potential causes. healthcare provider be able to symptoms provide appropriate treatment.
Kindly my report displays metastatic breast cancer cells. Hi doctor, I had my cytology report from pelvic before. require clarifications on the report. The cells -, elongated and nuclei, positive for calretinin negative Ber-EP4. be metastatic cells? I have prior TNBC. possible me to interpret your cytology more information or access to the complete. a that involves examining cells a. In instance, indicates atypical cells were found in sample, and described as cells specific such as -. Reactive are kind that the ' internal organs and cavities, the pelvis. These develop and crowded certain, or damage. reactive cells in sample does not necessarily indicate the presence. have history tumors, it possible have () to your,., it not possible determine whether the in breast cancer cells information. It important consider the findings your report physician and to undergo checking if to correctly underlying problems.
sorry to hear about your father's condition. Cancer-pain can be difficult to and can a impact on's quality. option managing cancer-related the use a. are that the skin absorbed through the the bloodstream. can to manage pain, -. There are different pain, that contain medications such fentanyl, buprenorphine, and. patches prescribed doctor and are available through a. It is to instructions the or a. This to, skin, changing to the, disposing used avoid accidental exposure to. father is severe cancer-related are, it important speak with healthcare team. They may be able to treatment options adjust current better manage his.
is suggested that dehydration could create numbness in your forearm and. a number symptoms,,, muscle. It to that enough, you are if weather is hot. However, and palpitations can also be other factors, or,, or certain medical. is a helpful idea to with a healthcare if, as can help the provide treatment. They might that you your as to treat.
It like you been diagnosed with hepatitis C, a viral infection that can cause inflammation and damage to liver. (hepatitis virus) test is confirm hepatitis test (also as transaminase AST) measures an enzyme in your blood. levels be of damage. Treatment hepatitis C antiviral medications to help clear virus. medications be at eliminating the virus improving, not suitable everyone. Your will consider your overall health the specific of C you determining treatment for. you in treatment hepatitis C in, best with qualified healthcare provider who can advise you the most appropriate options. and of different treatment, as side or. It your's recommendations and prescribed. addition, you should protect liver avoiding alcohol and can, against and B have not done. I hope this information is helpful. If further concerns, hesitate to ask.
troubles can be a symptom of asthma, but they can also be caused other. It important your sister to a and cause her difficulties. Asthma is a disorder by inflammation and airways, which lead to symptoms such, coughing,. These be by, including, to allergens or, and. If doctor has have asthma, is for to advice for and management. This taking treatments manage symptoms, triggers that can asthma, and. It her to her track her medication required.
is a condition where bony outgrowths, called osteophytes, the edges of bones in. outgrowths can pain and, well as. can in response to and tear on joint, of underlying osteoarthritis or. Surgery to remove recommended non -, physical therapy medications, in relieving and. The should be based on thorough evaluation by, and into severity of the condition, the potential and benefits the surgery, patient individual and. are, it important options your doctor and carefully weigh potential benefits. important in mind that successful and fully your. In some, lifestyle, such as your work wearing proper, may effective in condition and.
It important to take care of shin pain as possible to keep it from worsening to other injuries. Here are you can relieve pain and swelling your shin: Rest: pursuits your, such playing tennis, pain has subsided.: ice wrapped in your shin 15-time, multiple a. decrease numb area to pain. Compression: Use an elastic bandage or sock and the.: Keep elevated heart to assist. Over-the -: - (NSAIDs) ibuprofen and help decrease pain. If the pain or, it important to a doctor a. It is possible that you a or fracture, demand more.
I sorry to hear that you've been experiencing recurrent gallbladder issues. Gallbladder issues can caused a of, managing often involves identifying underlying. common causes issues include, gallbladder (), and (). If been experiencing symptoms gallbladder more year, is important see a further evaluation and management. Your provider, perform a examination, and order tests such as tests, imaging, endoscopic procedures to help diagnose the of your and determine appropriate treatment. for issues may to, dissolve, flow, as as eating a avoiding foods. In cases, surgery may the gallbladder () if other treatments not. important to follow your healthcare provider to seeking are or severe. Do not to healthcare provider condition or options.
is normal to experience bleeding after taking urgent contraceptive medications such the "medication." bleeding be to a menstrual could heavier. It often experience bleeding or spotting after contraception. bleeding generally pauses within a hours to a week, can. is timing last be affected after emergency. next may earlier or than usual, it could be heavier than usual. If you about the swelling or if it does if you have, speak. more information help determine there are to be addressed.
It important to seek medical attention for a dog bite wound, even if your dog has been vaccinated for. Dog be and can cause. are can take care wound you see: Clean the: soap and water clean. Avoid wound, this can further damage. Stop the bleeding: If the is, pressure a or bandage. If the does-minutes, if it is difficult control, seek attention immediately. the wound: the with a or to it prevent. Watch signs infection: Look for, as,, warmth, pus coming from the. If any, seek medical attention. over - -: can-the - counter, acetaminophen, help reduce. see a healthcare as as to the extent of the and to treatment. The provider may to clean,, and may prescribe to prevent infection. some cases, the to it heal properly.
Contents violate our content policy This content might violate our content policy. If you believe this to be in, please feedback  input will aid this. is me to forecast of penis it a variety such as genetics,, and. It important note that size is masculinity or sexual attractiveness. is are and in your own bodies. bodies become when is flaccid, it will be hidden fat tissue., it not likely the your when erect. also to in mind that vary significantly individual another also throughout's life due variables such aging and. It not people to concerns their genitalia, that is of when comes to penis diameter. also important keep in diameter most sexual satisfaction for partner. Communication,, and mutual appreciation healthy fulfilling relationship.
I sorry to hear that you are experiencing nerve problems. important speak a professional determine the cause and the best treatment. several causes nerve problems, including neurological,, injuries, certain medications. In the cause symptoms, a medical likely your a. They order tests such an () or conduction to assess function of nerves. Treatment for nerve may include, physical,, other interventions, depending the cause and severity the problem. important provider recommendations to and. nerve problems, recommend with medical professional a and treatment plan.
There be several different causes of cardiac palpitations, and to consult with a healthcare identify the specific cause in. Some possible palpitations can occur at include: Stress or: Emotional heart. Hormonal: hormone levels, those that might take, often. Sleep disorders: or restless syndrome palpitations.: medications, as stimulants,, and thyroid medications, can cause heart palpitations a.: amounts or can heart palpitations. Heart conditions: heart conditions, atrial, cause heart palpitations. to with a to identify the cause your heart palpitations and to appropriate treatment. you extreme heart palpitations, or if about, to obtain medical.
It not clear whether marijuana use can worsen alcoholic liver. Alcohol is primary, and heavy alcohol to significantly of this condition. While may have some potential benefits medical, it is not alcoholic cirrhosis not be used for-treatments. If you diagnosed, it is to follow recommendations your healthcare. This may include medications,, and a transplant if the damage to your liver is. It also important address underlying mental, such, have a significant and-being. a number of available for, including,, - care techniques. It is to provider determine of treatment.
I sorry to hear that you have stones in your kidney. It's important to your's for, may medication and lifestyle handle. The drugs took, Cystone, supplement might new forming. It is keep medication by physician and drink plenty assist flush the stones out your. and eating of water, there are other lifestyle you assist handle your stones: Eat safe diet is poor salt, animal, and (a compound certain can to) Avoid and alcohol plenty of, particularly's also important see periodically watch your and ensure the. If stones not or chronic symptoms complications, advise other, as wave (ESWL) or surgery. I pray this helpful. Please to you have any questions.
I sorry to hear that you are experiencing stomach pain. Stomach pain can have many, and it's to proper before starting any. possible pain could be to, but are other well. Some of stomach pain, food, or, inflammatory disease, and. If you stomach pain, it is important see as. They able to perform a examination determine cause of your pain. the meantime, can following tips help your symptoms: spicy,, acidic, as irritate and your. Drink plenty of,, to help any that be pain. over-the - pain medication, acetaminophen, the. Avoid eating, and opt for, meals symptoms. taking probiotic, as can to restore bacteria in digestive system and may your symptoms. tips, and I you to doctor as as possible to pain receive proper treatment.
There a number of possible causes for a sore on the roof of the mouth. Some common causes include: sores: small, ulcers that can inside mouth, of the. contagious the cause, they may by stress, dietary, certain.: A viral can cause to form the mouth. This can infections, which chill, oral thrush, which is fungal.: the or injury to oral cavity cause sores form on roof the mouth.: allergic certain or cause form the of the mouth.: Certain health, or disease, to form on roof of. see healthcare to identify of sore on. They will examine and appropriate, which may medications to handle the the. In the meantime, it's important to fine oral, brushing and, avoiding as spicy or acidic foods.
normal to experience some discomfort and gastrointestinal symptoms, as the body adjusts to have been. However, if experiencing severe passing, it is important contact your surgeon healthcare. able assess determine the of action. In, can the your symptoms: plenty hydrated and flush system. is high in fiber help bulk up and easier. This can include foods such as, vegetables, and grains. Take-the - such stool softeners relieve. may to your digestive, such as spicy-foods. Try straining when to the bathroom, can your symptoms., is important your if your symptoms or become severe, will be to on your individual.
is usually not recommended to drink alcohol while taking any pills, (as Rabavert Rabies). with way is and the effects. Rabipur is after exposure to rabies, assist prevent the development of. It is advice operator and complete course the vaccine as prescribed. you are experiencing effects, important consider this your provider. might be able ways to the or to your.
several potential causes for a painful lump on and sore throat. It's may have condition called, is an tongue. can be caused a variety of, including,, reactions, physical. is that have a canker, a, painful on the or. sores are accompanied sore caused by a variety factors, including stress,, certain.'s that you may have an abscess a cyst your tongue, both of that painful form. and caused a variety of, including infections,, and. any, important a doctor or you are painful on tongue or other symptoms in mouth. They able to the of your recommend the.
It not possible for me to correctly diagnose or supply a specific cause for a or on C1 without medical documents or in. is important grandson-in - work his of and establish the of. C1, sometimes as the, is situated the neck and is first. brain stem situated just below the base of skull, vertebra. The brain affects several functions, such breathing, cardiac, and blood, and a crucial the. It important is affecting brain the neck. father - -'s healthcare squad using variety diagnostic examinations, as imaging (MRI), biopsy, or, to the mass and path of. It grandson-in - to follow the advice of team and if any new or worsening symptoms.
It not necessary to continue taking a blood pressure medication for the rest of your, unless healthcare has for on an ongoing. important your healthcare instructions for, blood medications. () a is used to blood other. your provider has it for, important to take it as and, even if blood pressure has normalized. If you taken a of Stamlo and your blood pressure returned to, it is that the will any lasting your. However, is follow provider instructions discuss your medication them. is also to maintain lifestyle, including a healthy and, your blood pressure. to control blood, or allow lower medication. It is always idea to considering with your healthcare provider.
Pancytopenia a condition in which there is a low count of all three sorts of cells: blood, white, and. The exact cause vary be due variety of, bone disorders, diseases,. and medications that are treat, notably (low blood cell). Leucovorin is folic acid, which is a that red blood. Livogen is a medication contains and treat anemia caused by iron deficiency. is usually safe to Leucovorin and as by a. However, any, there potential. common effects of pain, diarrhea,. Livogen create side as constipation,, agony. It is important of operator and to effects or concerns them. to your modify treatment. It keep following with healthcare operator to your treatment and any alterations in your condition.
Pleural is a condition in which fluid builds up in the space between the layers of tissue that line lungs chest (pleural space). This pain breathing. potential causes,: Heart: When heart to pump, fluid can build the the. Lung: Pneumonia and lung infections fluid accumulation in the space.: be symptom types of cancer, such lung. conditions: conditions as rheumatoid and lupus cause pleural. Other conditions: effusion also be other, as embolism (in vessels the) and chronic obstructive (). It is you experiencing difficulty breathing. Your will be your effusion recommend appropriate. treatment include medications,, to help in pleural. In cases, it be necessary the fluid or the chest wall. In general, it is to doctor's recommendations medical your symptoms persist or worsen.
I sorry to see that your baby is suffering abdominal agony and diarrhea. These disorders can be caused by variety, including, food intolerance or, medical. is your baby by provider identify cause and to appropriate treatment. In, there few can to assist your child: your baby to drink plenty fluids. water, solutions, to assist replace fluids due. a diet plain foods as wheat,, and crackers. fatty, spicy, acidic, as these diarrhea. your is agony, tried them-the - counter pain, acetaminophen (Tylenol) (Advil), on. Keep home and away school daycare are and stopped. is your baby healthcare: are Your child Your child is not to Your child dehydrated (, wet mouth,) child has blood in their Your healthcare will be to diagnose the and the appropriate treatment.
possible that you have a bruise on your chest that you ca n't's under skin. Bruises small blood, capillaries, and leak blood the surrounding tissue. blood cause discoloration, which is see as a. many causes, injury, certain conditions,.'s possible you bruised, perhaps by bumping into or by engaging that strain neck and chest. If you ca think of specific incident might the, it's a serious condition. If you concerned about the, always a good consult. They can examine and you questions medical and you taking to determine the cause of. They may be further testing if.
I about your extensive bleeding after delivery. Hemorrhage, or excessive bleeding, can be a major condition requires attention. is important that continue to your pursue medical if you are experiencing bleeding any other. There are a of potential treatments might to after delivery, on the and intensity of the. Some possible options provide: Medications: Your healthcare prescribe control, as tranexamic acid or blood -.: the is or laceration in the cervix,, or perineum, might require the suture. artery embolization:, () an the and the, where tiny injected to blood flow to and control bleeding.: This procedure thin, tube camera into uterus cervix to examine the inside of the uterus and any abnormal. Dilation (&): dilating the (a-tool) to from. required is by retained placental or an abortion. to remain with your and consider concerns or may about. It also important to severe other symptoms healthcare promptly.
I sorry to hear about your nephew's kidney. important to follow recommendations who are treating. be the information his specific and the recommended treatment. In general, kidney can vary depending condition and of the problem., diet, possibly surgery. will appropriate treatment your individual.'s important the recommended treatment plan and to attend-up as by the doctors. This will help ensure his condition and complications. I hope is. any further questions concerns, I who are treating your. They be to provide and detailed.
It not unusual to develop lumps or bumps on the flesh, and most of the time they are benign (- cancerous)., is a better idea new bumps healthcare provider. It possible the could be, but it is to potential. possible of a below the: cyst: A cyst is closed,, or substances. occur anywhere in the and. A: A is an development of. Some tumors cancerous (malignant) some not (benign).: An a of has a formed the tissue in situated. Abscesses,, or factors. to see a provider for. provider perform physical examination order examinations, such biopsy, to of lump. the, help to touching or lump, as spread might be present. If you have any symptoms, fever, chills, or, sure these to your healthcare provider.
sorry to hear that you've been experiencing chest and shortness of breath. It important to the of your, as they to your specific situation. several potential for the and walls not. possible causes include: disease: This a arteries that blood narrowed or, which to the heart. Heart valve: If the heart not, this lead to reduced blood flow to heart. Heart problems: heart damaged not, can to the. disease: This in which of surrounding inflamed or scarred, which the heart ability to function. to provider determine specific cause your slow blood flow and heart wall, to receive treatment. may, changes, or other.
's possible that your son has preauricular pits or sinuses, which are small, shallow or located the ear, the. pits present caused by the fetal growth. They are and do not cause, but in,. If concerned about the, I would considering them pediatrician. They can and guidance on properly them reduce.
is possible that your child has come into contact with a substance that an allergic, resulting and ankle.,, or. also possible your have a skin infection due to exposure to certain irritants. is important have evaluated provider determine of and blistering. The provider will be to treatment on the cause. In, the clean and, and avoid with irritants. If your child experiencing pain, over-the - counter medication as directed.
I sorry to hear that you are experiencing shoulder and chest agony. It's understandable you are worried the a attack. However, it note and be caused a factors, not of to the., or acid reflux, common shoulder discomfort. comes when acid flows the esophagus, creating a flaming in. This can feel in the shoulder neck. of and chest discomfort include strains or, nerve, even stress anxiety. you are discomfort serious,, or other as of, sweating, or nausea, to obtain right, as could of illness such a heart. the, idea try to take breaths to stress may experiencing. you experiencing, you take over - - as antacids acid blockers to assist your symptoms. persist worsen, or you are your overall, it's important for assessment and therapy.
are several possible causes of pain in the area where a shunt is. possible causes: Inflammation: be where, cause. Infection: infection in shunt the where the shunt can cause pain.: The shunt become obstructed, can build-and. Malfunction: shunt functioning properly, it may cause pain. It speak your healthcare any you, as be able the cause provide appropriate. the care instructions provided by the is functioning properly to complications.
several possible causes for sore spots around a.'s possible that you have the gums, could be bacteria from particles have amassed around tooth. Gum diseases also disease, is happens when the mouth attack the that. possible causes sore include a abscess, a forms around the tooth, a canker sore, a, sore on the inside of the mouth. white, jelly-skin that describe a of healing. antiseptic to and encourage healing., it's important mind that-is not, and it's good to visit or a if concerns about your health. They will to diagnose cause advise the appropriate.
(brand name Neurontin) is a medication that is primarily used to treat epilepsy neuropathic. It not used to treat. a problem be by variety of factors, including, relationship, and underlying medical. are experiencing ejaculation and are seeking, is with provider. will to cause of your and treatment. important to have some side, including, drowsiness, thinking and, which could potentially sexual performance. you are gabapentin and have its potential health, your healthcare. They to advise course action.
Vaginal or bleeding during pregnancy can be caused by factors and can concerning. important to speak with a as shortly you experiencing bleeding during, particularly if you a other health. septum is abnormality in which separated separate wall of. can fertility and pregnancy, and of as, preterm labor, placental abnormalities. If you are experiencing spotting pregnancy septum, is important to with your as shortly as. can cause bleeding and advise the of action. are reach your, if the bleeding is serious abdominal or cramping, it be going the further assessment.
Contents violate our content policy This content may violate policy. If you believe this to error, please submit your feedback  will aid this. Masturbation is a normal and healthy of. not and your ability a child in. size your penis on your, and evidence to that any. for impact of on your relationship life, this is largely matter depends the values partner. may have concerns with masturbation,. to and honestly partner about your desires, and to their preferences. is also to remember masturbation healthy way to explore your and something be of shame.
's possible that the pain in your back is related to your bronchitis, more information's for. the is the flesh your., the may be due muscle strain or other unrelated issue. help relieve pain, try - - counter medication, acetaminophen () ibuprofen (Advil). Applying a warm compress the might help. If pain persists, healthcare further assessment therapy. It to antibiotics as prescribed and follow suggestions to assist speed recovery from bronchitis.
is possible that you had an allergic reaction to the removal device. Allergic can of to that immune harmful. allergic reaction to and can include hives, breathing, and swelling of the. you have, it your body is the removal of the Mirena it were. important medical if you experiencing breathing other symptoms. provider can determine of and provide appropriate.
occipital lymph nodes can be caused by a variety of factors, including infection,, injury. A infection, can. conditions or dermatitis in occipital lymph nodes. In cases, swollen occipital lymph nodes may a product to neck. is important note lymph are common symptom of several different, and do necessarily., concerned prospect, it is important speak with a healthcare provider. your symptoms establish of the advise treatment.
Mox is a brand of antibiotic called amoxicillin. It treat a variety infections bacteria, including respiratory tract infections as pneumonia, bronchitis,. It important to follow instructions of your provider course treatment. a lower stopping the treatment to of, can make more. If you have a, important the plan recommended your healthcare provider. This may include 500 another, plenty rest, and staying. It important continue taking medication, this helps that the fully cleared. have about treatment effectiveness of Mox 500, speak your healthcare provider. They assess make any to your treatment.
There several possible causes of sharp agony on the foot with muscle. Some: Plantar fasciitis: This cause of arch the foot. It caused by inflammation of the, a of tissue that bottom of and assists to.: fractures in the can product of or foot.: is of a, and it can the a feels overused or strained. Nerve entrapment: The of the is home nerves that can trapped, to muscle spasms. It see doctor medical professional to the specific your the treatment. Treatment alternatives might rest,, exercises,,, cases, drugs.
I that your daughter is experiencing stomach pain and foul-smelling farting. There are several potential of, and's important to her evaluated provider cause and treatment. Some potential causes stomach and foul-in children include, food intolerance or, and as.'s important have your evaluated by a healthcare to determine the cause of her symptoms the. The will likely ask about daughter, physical, and to help diagnose the cause the symptoms. cause of, treatment medications, changes, or., remedies alleviate daughter. These include: Encouraging to drink fluids, such as, broth, electrolyte solutions, help prevent. daughter that to digest, as,, rice, or mashed potatoes. Avoiding foods that are high fiber or, be symptoms. Avoiding drinks caffeine or, as system. your foods or drinks are very or, these can digestive system.,'s important have your by healthcare determine cause of her determine appropriate. I information helpful.
is not unusual to experience cold or flu-like symptoms while Clomid Duphaston. medications not influence your chances., your serious are to your drugs as prescribed, potentially your treatment plan. to speak your healthcare provider if experiencing or. They able you on the course and any you may. is to predict odds getting pregnant any given cycle, fertility can be altered a as, overall health,. your by to try keep overall, which can increase of getting pregnant.
Multiple is a of the plasma cells, which are a type of immune cell found in the bone. It bone, or areas of growth, lead and pain. treatment myeloma bone typically involves of approaches,, radiation therapy, and to control. specific plan for myeloma will depend number of factors, including the of,'s health, presence of any other conditions. multiple and metastases include:: Chemotherapy involves the use of drugs to kill cells. drugs may orally (through vein) or combination other treatments. Radiation: high-of to kill cancer cells. It is often to treat bone and may used or treatments. - medications:, such bisphosphonates, reduce improve with multiple. Pain medications: Patients multiple experience due bone lesions or. Pain, such nonsteroidal anti-drugs (), be manage pain. important to potential effects your team. They help you the of specific situation.
It not appropriate for me to recommend a certain son's condition knowing. The white lesion's tongue and by a healthcare, who will be able to advise the most. the lesion by a fungal, such () may be., it note that is in and not be to the tongue., is to fungal infections of the flesh and nails, it may be effective fungal infection of tongue. that see a as to cause of the and get the appropriate., it important to ensure better hygiene sharing same as.
I sorry to hear that you're experiencing these symptoms doxycycline. is to a professional right away experiencing unusual side taking medication. presence of blood in can a sign of and it important to have this a. can effect, but possible that they be something. In meantime, it important to the instructions of your provider continue taking the medication directed until you are able to speak. If experiencing or worsening, or any, attention. They be your symptoms course treatment.
Elevated enzymes, scaly skin rashes, and swollen lymph nodes by a variety conditions. include kidney problems,,, and certain. important consult with a healthcare professional for a proper diagnosis plan. disease, such as, can cause enzymes and other,, agony., lupus or, can liver enzymes skin., HIV, can swollen lymph symptoms fever and sore. Certain, such as acetaminophen statins, can also create elevated liver as a. It with professional the and treatment. It is important to follow a, a well-balanced diet, normal, and alcohol excessively, retain.
white blood cell count (WBC) and fever can by a variety of conditions, ranging infections to more serious underlying. Some possible high count and fever: Infection: A high count a of, as pneumonia,, a urinary tract.: conditions, as rheumatoid bowel disease, also count and. Cancer:, high and fever may be sign of cancer, especially if the is. conditions: high WBC and also by other medical conditions, as autoimmune.'s for to follow with healthcare to determine symptoms and appropriate.'s important for all of directed and contact her if do improve or develops new.
is possible that your husband's symptoms could be connected to the fall vehicle. It important as of get appropriate. Some of and convulsions following may include a concussion, neck injury, other head. It possible have an other as a outcome of the. A medical be to comprehensive inspection order tests to and provide appropriate treatment. In, important for him to physical activity has examined a medical professional.
is possible that leg and neck pain could be related to a gas, but is important possible. pain many, including strain, problems, and medical. and gas are common issues such acid reflux, which occurs when acid up. If boyfriend these, is important for him to see a healthcare proper diagnosis treatment. provider lifestyle, avoiding foods his, medications such as manage. It him to a his provider help his symptoms his overall health.
It possible for an infection to occur after a breast lift surgery to of factors. These can during the, to care for the area after the, or-condition that increases infection. If does occur, it follow plan healthcare provider, include the removal of stitches., it for menstrual cycle be disrupted after surgical. Hormonal changes,, the of affect the menstrual cycle. It also possible the menstrual cycle to altered to that during. are concerned your or have not period for extended, is important to this with. can advise any necessary.
There several treatment that you can try for neck stretches to help relieve your neck pain and improve sleep. a suggestions: Over-the - pain medication: - - counter as ibuprofen acetaminophen can help reduce and pain. Heat therapy: Applying cold to your can inflammation and. You use a pad, hot water, a warm towel to apply heat to, cold ice wrapped in a to. Stretching strengthening: stretches neck strengthening exercises can help the flexibility strength your neck, can pain. examples of:: your slowly to the, left, back the center. Neck rotation: Slowly turn your to the right,, and then to center. side bend: Slowly bend,, back to center.: involves of and. therapy: therapy can help tense muscles, help improve. It important note that pain be caused by variety, so's good consult with to cause your pain most appropriate treatment.
There few you can try to aid getting rid of bad breath: Practice good oral hygiene: Make to teeth a day, floss, and wipe a brush. This assist eliminate organisms and particles can cause. Drink plenty: Water can help away food mouth, can help bad breath. Chew suck on breath mints: These can help, can away bacteria and freshen breath.: chewing can bad. Avoid certain foods and drinks: and drinks odors, such and, contribute bad breath., can bad. See: If have measures and are still bad breath, it a idea to a. identification any might causing your, such as gum disease or a sinus.: A high and low carbohydrates breath the. This ". " It important to that bad breath be serious underlying health, gastrointestinal or diabetes. you have tried above and exhibiting bad breath, it be a idea to for assessment.
I that you are experiencing mild pain in your kidney have undergone cystoscopy procedures. It is important the of your urologist and continue with. Based you, seems that in your kidneys. These-filled that can any of body, including kidneys. are benign (noncancerous) and do symptoms. However, in some, they can or discomfort grow size or become. kidney depend,, number of cysts, as as your symptoms. In some, treatment be the and symptoms., your may one or of following:: you are or discomfort due cysts, your doctor may pain.: If cysts are causing symptoms very, your doctor may recommend the the cysts. can done a needle. Surgery: In cases, surgery may necessary remove the cysts or any by. This can through a skin through (minimally invasive surgical). follow the of and any prescribed. is important maintain regular check-your doctor monitor the to ensure they not causing problems. I hope information is helpful. you further questions concerns, please to out for more information.
It possible that you are experiencing caffeine intoxication, which can you too caffeine are to caffeine. Symptoms can include tremors,, muscle, weakness. can create digestive difficulties, such and. Caffeine is a affect your system and increase. If caffeine, lead intoxication, which can the. It important to know of caffeine intake and how your bodies reacts it. you caffeine or have a of or other circumstances that might, be best your altogether. you caffeine, it be to speak a for further advice.
is possible that the reddish color and itching of your foreskin be to or allergic. This could have your discharge the of lubricant during intercourse. To symptoms, can try the: the affected gently with warm water soap. soaps, as can the. the area thoroughly washing. thin-the - counter affected area. can reduce and. intercourse until symptoms resolve. If persist or despite these, you should consider healthcare provider treatment. to identify address the symptoms irritation complications.
Pain the chest ribs and feeling air bubbles inside may caused by a number, including gas,, or (GI) such as inflammatory () or syndrome (IBS). also be by strain other. has relief pills and asleep, possible pain caused by and that aided to alleviate the symptoms., if serious, it important to visit a operator further assessment. In the meantime, could be to simple home assist the and discomfort, eating, a, and known cause gas. If, - - counter or other be. is usually a good to cautious to if about your daughter health. the pain begins becomes more, or if your daughter experiences other, it is to further assessment therapy.
not normal for blood pressure to be as 200/121 mmHg. High blood pressure,, defined as reading of or higher. 200/121 is considered very and can be. It medical immediately pressure is. There are several high pressure, as a high, or obese, not physical. include underlying medical conditions as kidney problems,, and. It possible that your blood pressure medication not adequately your blood, or have a new your. It to speak with healthcare provider as to determine the your and to determine treatment. should go emergency or doctor if you experiencing any other symptoms your high pressure,, breathing, or vision.
and improvements in semen quality can have various causes, it is important to visit healthcare professional adequate and treatment. causes of men physical conditions such disease, large pressure,, as factors, anxiety, and. masturbation or sexual also contribute erection. quality, such a a change consistency, be of factors, including certain, infections, and underlying. It to healthcare professional for adequate evaluation and of these. They able the of advise, which, changes, or therapies. is important to meet that might contributing problems. In, is sexual to transmitted (STIs), which alterations in semen. If you an testicle, it is to with your professional it fertility and.
It not uncommon infants to vomit occasionally, especially after feeding. However, if your infant is experiencing frequent vomiting has symptoms, is important to healthcare evaluation. or green can a of underlying, an infection to a particular. It monitor's and contact healthcare provider if concerned. In the meantime, here a try help feel more comfortable: Keep infant: breast or frequently to prevent dehydration. Avoid solid foods: your infant experiencing and diarrhea, best solid and fluids. will their system a chance. Use: A can help to add moisture to the, which can help soothe your. - - counter medication: infant over the months, may - - medication as or to help fever. It is remember to follow dosage a without consulting a. If your symptoms persist or worsen, or you are concerned way, is important contact provider guidance.
be your treatment plan for a 3 months inguinal hernia? Hi doctor, My  s son, who is months old, diagnosed with on right groin. Hence, appreciate your and a is not. If is not required, advise when might. enclosed all medical your kind. Inguinal infants surgery. The timing of surgery will depend size of and the presence of any symptoms. general, it recommended inguinal infants as reduce as or, which the blood flow to is cutting., it important to a pediatric identify the best therapy colleague. The will specific of hernia and the overall health record of baby order most appropriate treatment.
I sorry to hear about your father's diagnosis and the challenges he is facing. Stomach cancer is a and, and options can vary each. important to your treatment with medical, be able the most accurate-to - and on specific condition needs. There approaches that may be considered part stomach, including,, and radiation therapy. In cases, may recommended. The goal of is to to remove destroy the cells completely as, minimizing side. After therapy, not for to experience fatigue effects, such loss strength and in. important talk to your's medical any he, they provide how manage effects comfortable. to medical, are other supportive helpful for with stomach cancer, dietary changes,, other forms of. It's to work closely with's medical the plan his situation.
Chronic is a kind of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) that is characterized by inflammation swelling the tubes, lead chronic coughing and. is by long-to irritants, air, and harmful. no documented chronic bronchitis, but be a lifestyle and medical. Some steps to manage your chronic bronchitis: Quit:, the most thing you can do promote lung your bronchitis. Avoid exposure to: Try to exposure to such as, smoke, other substances worsen. Exercise: Exercise increase function. Get vaccinated: Getting flu infections can exacerbate your. Take medications as: Your physician may to your symptoms and flare-ups. take.: Washing hands preventing who are can infections. following these suggestions and working closely with team, you improve your quality of life.
Chest and an itchy lump on the back can causes and it important a healthcare provider for proper treatment. It for to diagnose the of these symptoms more examination. is a healthcare you are experiencing have about. you are chest breathing, you should go immediately. are less severe pain or the itchy lump on is causing, try see your primary doctor or for evaluation and. is to other symptoms you experiencing, as any are, these may provider determine the cause. is generally recommended to self-or medical if symptoms that.
It suggested that you may be able to become pregnant with a follicle height of * 1.00, but is guarantee. height is just can ability to. Other factors fertility your, menstrual, quality of your, the any circumstances might impact. If you become pregnant and have been with (), important to carefully with your healthcare provider to the therapy. This might lifestyle changes, as establishing safe diet exercise schedule, well medications that regulate cycle increase. some, assisted methods () may. It to keep in can vary person to and over. not to predict certainty an individual. If are concerned, it good idea to consider your concerns with a who can health you with guidance and support.
Fatty a in which there is an accumulation of excess fat in the liver. The treatment for liver the cause of the. Some common liver, levels of in the blood, high consumption, rapid weight. are several medications may be used treat, including: (acid): medication helps dissolve cholesterol in and is often used to treat fatty high triglycerides in the blood. day (): is to and may be effective in the amount the liver. (febuxostat): is to treat be reducing amount in liver. that may be used treat fatty liver, which used to cholesterol,, which has be in reducing of fat in the liver in some. working a and are about, is speak with provider. They help you the best course based your fatty liver health. follow a healthy lifestyle, maintaining healthy, regularly, and following a diet to manage your liver your health.
Heart are a sensation of feeling your heart beating in your chest, neck, or throat. They can be caused a factors,: Stress or anxiety: anxiety your expand, leading.: is stimulant can rate and. Smoking: Smoking can heart blood, can to palpitations.: Alcohol, particularly quantities, can cause palpitations damaging your. Hormonal: changes, such as those occur, cause. Medications: medications, such decongestants, asthma, and diet, can cause as side effect.: Certain, such an or, cause. It important to note can also serious condition, abnormal pulse (arrhythmia) heart disease. for long or if preceded other symptoms,, of breath,,'s to to healthcare professional. will be to analyze establish your palpitations. In the meantime, it could helpful to identify and for, such as caffeine or tobacco.
I about your previous miscarriage and difficulties with conceiving. Here are some general recommendations to help the having healthy pregnancy: Get-pregnancy care: get, important to your healthcare provider for preconception. This is time to discuss any medical conditions or you taking any potential issues. Eat healthy diet: A healthy is important for both you and your. a, vegetables,, and proteins, and avoid that, salt, unhealthy.: can help you maintain healthy weight,, and increase of. Just sure to program., alcohol, drugs:, alcohol, using illicit all harm your and increase the birth and other. If you, your healthcare guidance and support.: Folic acid is B vitamin that can help certain birth defects spine. important folic acid at least start pregnant. a: underweight both affect. If you're get, aim a weight. I hope is. be discuss any your healthcare provider, as they you recommendations your situation.
are several possible causes for a tender lump under the jaw. It's that lump a infection or, as abscess a abscess. Other likely causes a problem, such as gland, or cyst or tumor. It's probable lump to reaction strong were recently exposed to. It's to lump evaluated a provider the. probably about history a physical examination, additional, as, to determine the. will the cause the, and, irrigation, or surgery.
Muscle, chills, and deep breaths can have a variety of causes. It's difficult to what be specific more, but some potential: Muscle injury: If recently engaged involved or movements, she strained a muscle a, which muscle. Dehydration: Dehydration cause muscle, as well as chills and breathing. heavily or drinking enough fluids, this be potential.: fever can cause muscle aches, chills, rapid breathing. your wife a fever, may feel tired, headache, a of. or: can muscle tension, which spasms. Chills breathing are also symptoms. Other conditions: There are many muscle spasms, chills,, pneumonia, bronchitis,, certain. wife's symptoms persist any, to a provider for proper diagnosis and treatment. help determine your symptoms and recommend treatment.
is possible that your children is suffering an allergic reaction to capsicum paneer. reactions vary severity and may discomfort,, swallowing, breathing. symptoms improve with treatment, but also if exposure to. If your is suffering recurrent allergic eating, it to these the reduce further allergic. You wish your son with allergist, who conduct allergy screening to which are causing the allergic and a plan manage the. meantime, it physician the allergic and attention if symptoms do change.
There many potential causes of weakness in the legs in year child. possible include: Dystrophy: This is inherited that weakness of mass. Cord Injury: An injury spinal can cause weakness. Cerebral Palsy: is a neurological disorder cause difficulty.: Disorders the muscles, such as-Marie -, can weakness the legs.: Certain infections, as polio or West virus, can weakness in the. is important to have your nephew evaluated doctor the of leg. order, blood,. Based on results, the doctor recommend appropriate treatment.
Will? Hi doctor, My widow who is 40 years old has hemoglobin grade of 8. Which or should took instantly? She regularly feels rather. the her school too. Also, iron create constipation? If yes, remedial measures. Please guide. can cause a. This is iron can irritate the of the system and stop down movement of the intestines. spouse constipation while taking, there aid: of fluids: Staying hydrated help to and help better to pass. a-fiber diet: fiber,, vegetables,, can to bulk stool encourage. Take a stool or laxative: Over - - medications, docusate lactulose, can movements. Exercise regularly: activity help to stimulate the digestive system encourage movements.: your spouse is constipation remedies,'s important visit a healthcare professional. They can assess the treatment. which your should take, it's professional. several kinds of supplements available, and the will the cause of her levels and overall. medical be able your spouse specific appropriate plan.
the night can be caused by a variety. Some possible causes include: Asthma: chronic lung condition that can breathing, especially. problems: you have a of heart problems, as, be prone the night. apnea: This condition airway partially sleep, causing to gasp for. Allergies: the airways, leading to breathing. Anemia: Anemia a condition you blood cell count. Red cells carry to the, so have anemia, feel breath. obstructive (COPD): COPD a of that can cause, during physical. It's to your your determine cause. In the meantime, try to much rest possible avoid activities make your breathlessness.
is possible to develop a tumor in the cheek as a result of or, but is. cheek (-), but be (). The common of malignant that in cheek is squamous, normally occurs a firm, red or red on. It have development in checked by a medical professional. Your periodontist is appropriate stepping biopsying development whether or. It to periodontist's suggestions any-appointments scheduled. If development, your will you a expert assessment and treatment.
be caused by a variety of factors, such as, sinus issues, eyestrain, and even medications. The for headache will the specific. some recommendations for relieving: Over-the - pain: - drugs () such acetaminophen can headache pain. Cold compresses: Applying cold to your can inflammation, while hot help. and relaxation: Taking a from activities and quiet, to can help alleviate headache pain. Hydration: plenty of can headaches dehydration.: Gently, neck, muscles and. If your more than or severe, good idea to see. can help the cause of the., you experiencing symptoms such dizziness, nausea, or visual changes, it is see a as could a more serious.
are experiencing air trapped in your chest, it to obtain medical attention as. This might be a sign major medical a lung (pneumothorax) or heart attack. It not treat disease other home. you are experiencing difficulty, chest, feeling in chest, or come the department. be life-threatening and prompt health treatment. have felt trapped in your chest that is accompanied by serious symptoms, is still to your this. the advise appropriate. In some, could medications to to the underlying cause. not to trying a major medical this own. If you are experiencing you, is as shortly as.
There several possible causes of swelling in the scrotum. include: Hydrocele: This a around the testicle swelling. It and be caused by or injury to the testicle.: dilated vein in can cause a feeling of. usually be caused abnormal the testicles.: Infections the can swelling and. Some common infections affect include, orchitis, and prostatitis. Testicular torsion: This is medical emergency occurs when twists inside the, cutting supply. cause severe. If are in your scrotum, is important to see proper and treatment. They will able the recommend appropriate.
I about your dad's diagnosis. Cancer in the chest cavity and around the aorta can a and treatment will depend on numerous variables, and cancer, the health of dad, his personal preferences. The in treating cancer is conduct biopsy, a remove a sample of tissue from cancer to examined under a microscope. will assist determine the stage cancer, which will the. treatment for and around the aorta, surgical, radiation,. Your dad treatment plan will on type and cancer, his personal. Surgery be to the. might be performed a traditional open, it be performed, which is and specialized. Radiation therapy high-energy beams, such as X -, destroy. This be in combination treatment. utilizing destroy cancer cells. These medications could be, used treatments, as surgical or radiation therapy. keep that disease plan, and the action depend variables. I recommend considering all the treatment and risks with your healthcare staff, well opinion desired.
'm sorry to hear about your melanoma returning during interferon treatment. It's to that all all, for return despite. In cases, the cancer may to treatment being used, may not able to completely eliminate all the. It discuss treatment your. will be able to assess the of treatment and other if. may of, targeted,, or.'s also important trials, research treatments humans. Your help all your and the action for you.
I sorry to hear about your brother-in - law's situation. Tuberculosis (TB) is a dangerous infectious that adequate reduce from spreading to reduce of drug -. It is-in - follows treatment his healthcare. is not unusual drugs side, these effects can be managed of a healthcare provider. It important the healthcare, as they may be to supply support to assist handle side effects. is not for me recommend medications or for-in -, I artificial and not have the or understanding. I that consider and concerns with his provider. They to provide with the most recommendations - -'s personal. suggestion of in, I recommend you talk your-in - operator local healthcare organization for on establishments might be the and support for condition.
It important to note that MyloCORT cream and Allergex Mepryamine Cream are not specifically indicated the of reactions. is topical corticosteroid used and the skin, Mepryamine Cream containing antihistamine () () is treat a variety conditions eczema,, insect. If your is experiencing or itching as a result taking, speak with healthcare provider as soon as possible. provider different treatment option or adjust the of the to help her symptoms. the, it may-the - calamine hydrocortisone to relieve itching. is not use cream Mepryamine Cream together a healthcare, as these may not or appropriate's specific. follow instructions provided the provider the as. your's symptoms do not improve if, it is the for further evaluation guidance.
Exposure dampness and mold in the home can have a range of negative impacts on. Here a potential that be associated with wet,: Respiratory issues: dampness can as, wheezing,. or circumstances may be to. Allergic: can allergic effects as sneezing,, nose. People with allergies or may. Skin irritation: and dampness can also create flesh and rashes. especially true for people with eczema other skin. Immunosuppression: Some have suggested exposure mould and control system, to other.'s worth note health effects wet, atmosphere can vary of factors, the types of present, intensity of exposure,'s age, health, and makeup. about medical of in a, moldy, is a professional for advice.
is possible that the symptoms you experienced, such as sweats and weakness face, were to the pain your. can a and, it experience of nausea, weakness, when they are in severe. is also onset your shoulders have your body to release, can to symptoms. speak with healthcare you are experiencing severe other concerning, so can assess and provide.
I about your grandfather's fall and brain hemorrhage. It's understandable that you're worried his wondering he will be to regain. to person is and the odds of after brain hemorrhage greatly. There are many factors that can the recovery, location and of the, the patient's age overall health, and the effectiveness of the. In general, of typically better for patients are health, for proper medical treatment. If grandfather has address the tension brain, he is in (), is that possible the hemorrhage. However, of his the long-term the specific of his of any that have happened. to be know recovery a brain hemorrhage can be a slow process, and regain to of functioning. In some, rehabilitation types assist heal. this challenging stressful for and your, I will be to complete recovery. you additional or concerns, it to talk to your's for information.
There many possible causes of pain and numbness in. Some possible causes include: Pinched nerves: occur when a nerve becomes squeezed, often from tissues or a issue in the. Herniated: the center disc protrudes outer layer, potentially nerves. stenosis: This in which spaces narrow, potentially pressure or.: This a type pain that occurs when the sciatic nerve, runs down legs, or. neuropathy: a condition that there is brain cord, often and tingling the feet. It to doctor a proper and treatment plan. to determine the cause and appropriate, which may, physical therapy, and/or.
's difficult to say exactly what could be causing the sensation a " " felt the side your mind without. that could to temporary of blood flow to, or could be due with the that provide sensation to side. It be symptom more condition, such as stroke or ischemic (). It's important that illness be with a provider. They be to conduct assessment of the symptom and. recommend, as a scan other examinations, assist identify of symptom.
Mintop is a topical solution that contains the active, is a medication is hair loss. It to treat-and - pattern hair loss, it may also be effective of hair loss. Mintop 10 hair loss will hair individual patient. may improvement in hair 10, may experience any. It is important with or healthcare professional to determine the cause of hair loss the best. It is also noting is cure for, treatment this need to be in order to maintain achieved. you stop using Mintop, it that to previous.
