Water, sometimes called as edema, can cause swelling in the. It happens when excess fluid builds in the tissues, creating the affected to swell. There causes water retention, including medications, medical conditions, lifestyle. some, water could problem that relieved with simple -, such elevating limb,, and preventing or sitting for too long. In other, more serious concern that hospital care. If you are experiencing swelling your has advised you that is due water retention, is important to follow physician's therapy. on cause water retention, physician may advise, changes, or other ease your and improve overall. If you are about or you that are concerning to you, it important to with physician to cause and proper treatment.
There be many causes of nervousness and lack of confidence, and it's important to note that these feelings common to at times. However, persistent interfere with your, it may helpful with mental professional. you identify issues and provide strategies your.'s that you be experiencing anxiety, which can cause nervousness lack situations. potential causes these symptoms could include past trauma or adverse experiences, - esteem, or certain life stressors. It also worth that crying response to is normal and to process. However, feel crying excessive your daily, be to with health professional to possible develop coping strategies. It's important it to seek you are struggling with emotions if they are daily life. mental health professional can provide you with support guidance to you your improve your overall well-being.
It possible that your husband's rash might be caused by an allergy to apples, although there are many potential well. on the feet, if has spread to, might be by of, including reactions,, underlying health. more information, it to specific the. If your has not before and it showed immediately eating, a sign of an reaction to the fruit. Other symptoms of an allergic apples may include swelling of the and tongue, breathing, and or vomiting. your is suffering these, is to attention as, as allergic reaction can. your husband experienced symptoms besides the rash, it better idea speak with a provider for diagnosis and. The healthcare provider be examine ask about other your might be experiencing. They his hospital record treatments or he is. Based on this data, they will be able identify the likely of and advise the appropriate treatment.
It not uncommon for people to experience gastrointestinal side effects when metformin, such as, vomiting, abdominal pain, diarrhea. These side be relieved medication food or by with a lower dose and it., it is important metformin can more serious side, a acidosis, buildup of in. acidosis can abdominal discomfort, appetite,, or breathing, a feeling of discomfort, muscle pain or cramping, unusual or tiredness. It is not clear from your question whether are experiencing side effects or lactic. If abdominal pain discomfort after taking, is to healthcare provider for evaluation and guidance. Your provider will able determine the cause of symptoms whether to taking metformin.
It harder to identify the cause of a lump on your without more information without opportunity examine you in. important to provider for an assessment you are concerned about a lump belly, if it is symptoms such or spasms. There possible lump the, including: Lipoma: (noncancerous) of fat. Hernia: of organ through weakness in muscles of the abdominal wall. Abscess: a of that has formed in the bodies as a product of infection. Cyst: fluid that in of the. is lump and twitching be connected to a spasm or muscle issue. Again, it important see a healthcare provider and therapy plan.
There be several reasons why food is getting stuck while your stomach. Some possible causes include:: This is a narrowing of esophagus, the tube from mouth to the. It can be by inflammation the. Esophageal: a disorder the muscles of abnormally, it swallow. Achalasia: This a rare the muscles of the esophagus, from entering the stomach. hernia: This is a condition in which of the diaphragm and into chest cavity. can cause to get stuck in esophagus. Gastroesophageal (GERD): a in from the backs up into, causing heartburn and. can also cause food get in the esophagus. If this consistently, important see a doctor for a proper and treatment. treatment depend on cause of problem.
is possible to getting pregnant with tilted or cystic ovaries, although these conditions can often make it more impossible to. position of uterus have impact ability to getting, but if have your or irregular periods, could potentially impact fertility. If you are trying to pregnant experiencing other fertility issues, it important with a healthcare provider. They can assess your and advise alternatives might your. include or meet any conditions that might contributing your. It to keep safe, diet, constantly, controlling, as these can also affect fertility.
are several potential causes for the discomfort and pain you are experiencing after a laparotomy. Some explanations: Scar tissue: It common for to the a incision. scar tissue may cause, if becomes thick and. irritation: The surgery may have damaged or irritated, leading in the. Muscle: The your back may be to muscle or resulting the surgery.: is that you have an at the site of the incision, could cause pain and. It is important speak with doctor about symptoms determine your the. Your doctor recommend medication, therapy, or treatments alleviate your symptoms.
is usually not usual for blood pressure to be as low as 90/40, particularly you are experiencing symptoms such and no. blood () caused by a factors, including, dehydration, medical. In cancer survivors, treatment-factors such as chemotherapy and radiation can also pressure. to consider your blood and symptoms you are experiencing your healthcare provider. They the of your blood pressure advise appropriate. In, it is drink, eat a healthy diet, up too quickly, as these help to symptoms hypotension.
is possible that chest pain could be related to the use of Clindamycin and. However, it is also important potential of, such heart other underlying health. is important a healthcare if you experiencing pain, as this could be issue that. the, you should follow the of and report adverse to them. If experiencing difficulty breathing or chest pain, seek immediate.
I sorry to see that you are experiencing chronic kidney problems and other gastrointestinal problems. It is important to the proposed your physician, which your case includes of Motinorm-and Nexito tablets. However, if you not improvements in, it could to consider this your consider other treatment. addition to your prescribed treatment, are also a few lifestyle changes that you your problems and improve your health.: diet: healthy diet that is in fat, sugar, and salt can help to and reduce of. Exercising: Regular exercise your health may also help liver. Avoiding: can the liver, so it is important to it or to intake you do. Quitting smoking: damage the liver, is to quit smoke. Reducing stress: Chronic stress can negatively your and also contribute liver problems. healthy ways to, such through exercise, meditation,, can be. important remain to up with your physician to medical symptoms worsen or any symptoms. physician need to modify treatment or examinations to identify the of your liver problems a effective plan.
It like your daughter may be experiencing some body aches joint pain as a result of her viral. This be a side effect of and goes away on as the fights infection. the, there things you to help alleviate: Encourage her rest plenty sleep to her body. her over-the - counter, such () ibuprofen (Advil), as directed the label. These medications can help reduce inflammation and. Apply a warm compress or heating to the area to reduce any or pain. Encourage drink fluids,,, and sports, to replenish fluids that were. If your's persist or worsen, she new symptoms, it is to consult a healthcare further evaluation and. They will able recommend the most course of based on specific of's illness and overall.
Swelling the knee and foot, as well as a lump in the groin, can possibly be by blood clot. It important obtain attention as possible you that blood clot may be. clots be serious and significant complications if treated promptly. There are causes in the foot, as,, or. It's important have professional the to identify cause and proper treatment. It's probable that swelling lump the groin area might be connected to the your mom to have stents placed.'s important healthcare to new or to them. They be your mom condition the necessary caring.
I sorry to hear about your niece's discomfort. It's important for her to follow the treatment plan by providers, may include medications and. In the meantime, try the self-to alleviate discomfort: clean and: douching or using on area., mild and water gently clean, pat it dry with a, soft., clothing: clothing may the blisters and cause discomfort. It's best to, cotton clothing to allow air to and help area heal. sexual activity:'s to avoid while are to irritation allow area heal. a: a cold compress the area can help reduce and the. Take over - - counter pain medication: - anti - () like ibuprofen acetaminophen can reduce inflammation alleviate pain. It for your niece to treatment recommended by healthcare provider and to see a provider if symptoms not if she develops new symptoms.
Chest back pain, particularly if followed by chills, can be of a major medical condition and should not forgotten. is important obtain medical attention possible. possible causes of back pain muscle,, pleurisy, heart, or. If you chest discomfort, it vital to medical as pain can a sign attack. If you are discomfort,,, or cold sweats, call or your local emergency number right away. If you to see a doctor promptly, you try taking-the - counter medication and heat the affected assist pain., to keep mind these are only temporary the underlying of pain. In summary, are and back pain with, it is to obtain as shortly as. Do not to 911 or your emergency number you are chest or of a major medical.
's ataxia is a progressive neurodegenerative disorder that affects movement, balance, and coordination. The for individuals with Friedreich's, and people more symptoms. general, the lead to may lifespan, although this is always the case. There is cure for, treatment managing symptoms and improving of. It is important to closely with your, your, to develop a treatment plan right. It important to stay active as possible and to physical therapy and other activities to your strength and.
's possible that you have a skin disease called dermatitis, which is a general for inflammation of the flesh. many, including,, and health. important to dermatologist for. In meantime, you can tried over-the - counter creams like help alleviate and. also a idea minimize tight garments to keep area clean dry. the is painful if it spreads slowly, or you fever or other symptoms,'s important a doctor right.
Surgery remove clots from the lungs and around the heart can be a risky procedure, particularly if the clots are large or if the has other underlying make surgery more challenging., it is important keep that surgical carries risk, and risks will depend individual's circumstances. It discuss the risks and surgery with your husband's members healthcare. They will able to provide more specific information about risks surgery on your's specific and. It is also important keep in to improve's quality and address health. the causing symptoms impairing his ability to function, surgery may the course. I hope this is helpful. you further or concerns, do n't hesitate to ask.
I sorry that you are experiencing abdominal agony, back pain, and itching. It is important to overcome symptoms a proper diagnosis from a medical professional. It for or recommend for you, as I just a text-based do not have access to health or examination. If you experiencing or persistent stomach pain, pain, or concerning symptoms, it is to obtain as shortly. It unusual for people abdominal due variety causes,, kidney stones, urinary tract infections, muscle strains,. you have advised to have gallbladder removed, is this your healthcare operator and questions the hazards and of surgery. important to consider a second opinion have concerns or about. all your bodies, this might to a variety of causes, including diseases, allergies, underlying health. It important to consider this professional to the cause get appropriate treatment. In the meantime, is important try as much rest and to minimize activities that might exacerbate your symptoms. severe discomfort, beneficial pain as prescribed by your healthcare provider. Again, is to sought medical are or symptoms. It is not appropriate for diagnose recommend you, and it is important with a professional a and therapy plan.
is generally not recommended for individuals with a low ejection fraction (EF) to go amusement park rides. The EF of well is, low EF can the heart not well it should be. rides can be physically strenuous and place additional on, which for someone with a EF. is important to speak your healthcare provider about situation get their before engaging any activities, including park rides. will be assess overall and activities for you to participate in on medical and current condition.
It difficult to diagnose a condition without a comprehensive assessment by healthcare operator, but are a few potential causes of a productive with little red that to mind. These: Bronchitis: This is inflammation bronchial, which cause, breath, and. The cough may and sometimes blood -.: This is of can cause symptoms such as, chills, discomfort, that phlegm. Sinusitis: is an inflammation of the sinuses that cause such, fever, congestion, and cough that generate. reaction: If you have, you may productive dizziness as symptoms allergic reaction.'s to see a provider identify cause of your and get the appropriate. The your cough will last depend underlying and the any treatment receive.
's generally not normal for a toe to be numb for an extended period time, so it would be to it by healthcare. be a possible causes toe, compression of a nerve, circulation, or a nerve injury. also possible be as simple as a injury pressure on the toe. any case, it important have numbness evaluated by a healthcare to cause and appropriate. be able to perform a and possibly order further to help cause of.
Folivite a brand of folic acid, a B vitamin that important for correct fetal growth. It recommended for people who are to getting pregnant in early stages of to assist prevent defects brain spine. acid in certain, as leafy green,, fortified, but also in supplement. Taking folic during pregnancy can help decrease. It is especially essential getting enough folic acid in the early of, even know they are. It is recommended that who are plan to pregnant use folic of least (mcg) before during pregnancy. If has been advised by her physician, it important she obey the doctor take medication. It also important for your spouse to any concerns questions may have medication with physician.
There several potential causes of electric shock-like pain in inner hip or groin area. Some possibilities include: problems: in the hip or groin caused muscle strains or, by problems the joints the. This may be other symptoms such, bruising, moving area. problems: Pain the inner area can also be irritation nerve in the area. type of pain may be accompanied by numbness, tingling, in the affected area. Vascular problems: in the hip or area can be by problems blood the. This pain accompanied by other such as changes, temperature, or. is to see healthcare for evaluation and proper diagnosis if you are shock-like inner groin area, if you any other that concern you. The provider be able determine pain and recommend appropriate treatment.
is possible that you might be experiencing liver tenderness due to a variety of, including kidney swelling, liver injury, of mass on liver. to have assessed by, it be a sign of dangerous underlying condition that requires. possible causes viral, illness, non-fatty illness, and liver. Other likely include pancreatitis,, or kidney. It is to speak with a healthcare to cause of your liver and to appropriate course of.
There many possible causes of back pain, and it can be to determine the cause without proper evaluation. It is back pain by muscle strain, but is also possible that it caused something else, such problem or medical condition. If experiencing came is not over - - medications like, it to a for evaluation. A provider can perform a physical examination and order, such as imaging studies or blood tests, to help determine cause of back pain and recommend appropriate. meantime, it important to try rest avoid may exacerbate your. If the pain is or have symptoms, such as fever,, or, it medical attention promptly.
It understandable that you're experiencing depressed and tired of dealing with irregular periods due to PCOS. It's to a provider about your your and controlling your. The total supplement might be for, is marketed supplement to support girls conceive. goal to manage menstrual cycle, to consider other possibilities with healthcare. variety therapy choices for controlling PCOS and controlling menstrual cycles. These may control pills, other types of hormonal, and drugs suppress insulin or androgens (hormones). healthcare provider you best option based certain and. It's also that lifestyle, as a safe engaging in, can also help handle and cycles. provider might suggest interventions addition to medication as standalone treatment. In summary, it important with a healthcare about for controlling PCOS and controlling your menstrual. They can you determine best of your specific needs and objectives.
A CT scan is a type of imaging test that can used visualize digestive, including pancreas. It involves a that contains barium, the lining of the tract and makes it easier to the scan. The test in identifying problems in the other digestive. The you advised barium CT following that a the of your suggests that your doctor is concerned about finding wants to further evaluate it. It is important to follow doctor undergo the recommended determine of the and the of treatment, if. It is possible determine the of problem without evaluation, is important to any with your doctor.
There several possible causes of skin peeling on the feet of a baby. Some common: Dry skin: skin can caused by a, including moisture, frequent hand, and exposure to chemicals. Dry can to, it is properly. Fungal infection:, as's, cause peeling between toes. These accompanied by itching and. reaction: a product or substance cause skin peeling on the hands and feet. Eczema: a common skin disease that causes, itchy, and flesh. It lead to peeling splitting. It to exact of's skin without more information a medical investigation. a healthcare operator proper and therapy plan. They can a cream or other treatment. It also exercise hygiene, such cleaning hands frequently and drying thoroughly, to the locker hall or.
It important to follow the recommendations of your healthcare provider regarding use of Vagifem any other medications. Deep vein thrombosis (DVT) condition that. If have had DVT your right calf a taking, it is important the medication by your healthcare prevent further DVT. important to healthcare for any additional treatment of, such blood like Xarelto. duration of treatment with Xarelto will depend the circumstances of your case, the cause of the DVT, risk of DVT, and any other medical conditions have. are experiencing fatigue sleeping, important to these your healthcare provider. may be to DVT the medications you taking, and healthcare be determine and recommend appropriate treatment.
might be a variety of reasons why your period is delayed. Here are few possibilities: Stress or disease: Physical or psychological stress can your and period halted skipped. a new birth control: is for your menstrual be disrupted when you start a new birth. It a few your to regulate. in exercise habits: Significant alterations in your or can also affect cycle. disorder (): a hormonal condition that cause irregular a complete absence periods. It usually a idea to speak with provider have menstrual cycle. can reason delay adequate options.
There several possible causes for sharp pain in the thigh and burning sensation in the lower leg. Some potential include: strain or: If you had month and there was of bruising your,'s that may injured a your thigh or. Nerve compression: sensation your lower and foot by irritation or compression of nerve. to a number of, such as an injury, a medical condition like multiple, a pinched nerve. Blood clot: It possible that sharp pain your thigh the sensation in leg caused a. Blood occur the of the leg symptoms such, swelling, warmth in affected area. Other: There are many medical that potentially cause, including of muscles (), inflammation (tendinitis), and of joints (). It to a to determine of your symptoms and get treatment. Your ask about your medical and perform to help determine the cause your symptoms recommend the treatment. In some, further may to help diagnose the problem.
I sorry to see that you're experiencing such intense pain due to hydrosalpinx. Hydrosalpinx is a condition in the becomes and fills with, and. It can be unpleasant condition, it to proper treatment possible. If in severe pain to appointment gynecologist,'s important obtain medical as possible. You may wish consider room or urgent care for evaluation and therapy. In the meantime, there are something you can trying to assist your agony: over-the - pain medication as (Tylenol) or (). Apply your. You a, hot bottle, a heated compress irritation. Stay. plenty fluids to assist toxins out bodies and kept tissues hydrated. Avoid or extended of, as this exacerbate.'s important follow up your as as possible identify the of your hydrosalpinx and options. may include or to remove the blockage and reduce. I hope data helpful, wish you a speedy recovery.
I sorry to hear that you are experiencing pain in your shoulder blade. It's important to first determine underlying the pain in order the most treatment. There are causes of blade, muscle strain or, pinched, with the ribs. Some potential options pain: Rest avoid activities exacerbate the pain: help reduce inflammation and allow body to. or: Applying cold to the affected area can help pain. You can use a heating pad, water bottle, or warm shower to apply heat, an pack or to. Take-the -: - inflammatory (NSAIDs) as ibuprofen or reduce pain. Physical: A physical therapist can help you stretch strengthen the muscles your shoulder and upper improve. Chiropractic care: can the and any misalignment problems the that be contributing shoulder blade pain. Massage therapy: help tense muscles improve circulation, can pain and mobility.'s important to provider a diagnosis and plan. They testing, such-rays or an, to the cause of your blade and recommend additional if necessary.
A cyst is a fluid-filled sac that arises in the mediastinum, which is the space in the chest the. mediastinum important structures,, trachea,, and blood vessels. are fairly and at age. can various types their location and. is have professional and diagnose specific type your mediastinal cyst. The treatment a on type and of the cyst, as well as any symptoms it causing. In some cases, no treatment be required the cyst not causing problems., if the causing is risk future, treatment could required. might, of the cyst, remove cyst. It is important follow physician's recommendations and to have follow-to monitor. is also important let your know if you receive any new or worsening, such as breathing, discomfort, in the neck or face.
is possible that the change in the color and appearance of your son's could be related to his, chocolate that. Certain and the color of urine., important consider other possible causes changes in urine color and. is always speak provider if you have about son's health or notice any in urine. provider will able assess your overall and determine the cause of in his urine. They also recommend or treatments if.
Ringworm a fungal infection that can cause a circular rash on the flesh. It is important to see a for and, as the infection other of the bodies other people left. the, you take-care measures handle the symptoms: affected and. the with soap water, and with a clean towel. Avoid the. the to spread may contribute to further irritation and inflammation. Apply an - - counter antifungal cream or ointment to affected area. can help eliminate the and the infection. Use, wet to the. tight that irritate the affected. - fitting clothing natural, as cotton. Avoid personal, as towels, with others to reduce from. important to follow plan by your to fully the. This might include taking applying antifungal cream ointment to affected for a period of time. If you have concerns about symptoms procedure, to speak with your physician.
is difficult to accurately estimate the chances of pregnancy in a situation like this there are many factors at. is possible some have - (pre-cum) and potentially cause, although are considered to be., the fact that you were already could potentially your. is that condoms are the effective of contraception for preventing pregnancy and sexually transmitted consistently correctly. If were fitting, is possible they may provided adequate. If you concerned, it is a good idea visit healthcare provider for further evaluation and guidance.
It usually recommended to obtain medical attention for a bee or wasp sting, particularly if the person has acquired fever and headache after being. While Benadryl and to some of the, they are not replacement care. is to likely problems require more precise. the person suffering difficulty,, or severe reaction (anaphylaxis), medical attention immediately. In these, important an injector (EpiPen) one is available and call emergency services away. suffering more moderate, such as and, is still a better to obtain are no and to treatment. The may steroid medication assist inflammation and ease the symptoms. is also to the for any alterations their symptoms, to attention the symptoms or if new symptoms appear.
Questionable in the upper left lobe of the lung may the presence of an abnormal accumulation of fluid or cells in that area the lung. This a of an infection other respiratory issue. term " " that finding not, warrants further. apicolordotic view is of chest-ray that a specific and may better visualize the lung tissue present. important follow up your healthcare provider for further evaluation and determine questionable in your left lobe. may tests or procedures, such a computed (), to get understanding of causing the infiltrates determine the appropriate of. In the meantime, it's to take of to seek medical attention if any, such cough, of breath, or chest pain.
It not appropriate for me to give medical advice or recommend course of therapy an individual based limited information. It consult with professional a proper diagnosis to consider treatment options. Tumors entangled the bronchial plexus to treat need a combination, such,, and/or. decision about not will depend a considerations, the proximity the cancer, patient's overall health and medical record, the risks and advantages of the surgery. It is important to discuss all your options and to them squad. They provide you with and based certain situation. It also important to follow healthcare squad suggestions to keep all of follow-to any or symptoms.
The of recovery after cardiac arrest during surgery can vary widely depending on a number of factors, including the cause cardiac, the duration of, the of the resuscitation. general, the of generally if cardiac and the timely and effective. the been medically-coma for weeks and weaned off the medications causing and, it likely that condition has stabilized. However, it is difficult to predict it will take for the patient fully awaken, the rate recovery can greatly person to. some, may several even up, in other cases, a few or. It is important keep in that recovery from a arrest be slow and, and is uncommon for patients experience degree of neurological or other. It will be important for the patient to ongoing medical and chances of a recovery.
It suggested that tubes placed in the ears could potentially produce tinnitus as a side effect. Tinnitus is a subjective feeling of buzzing,, or other sounds that not caused by external sound source. tinnitus subtype tinnitus which is rhythmic with the person. There are of cause tinnitus, losing, noises, certain medications, and certain. positioning in ears, sometimes as myringotomy or tympanostomy, is a surgery that treat such as middle ear or in the mid ear. it is the tubes in the tinnitus, is not a side effect. If are pulsating tinnitus after having pipes in your, it important with your healthcare provider about your. determine of and advise medication alternatives.
I sorry to hear about the injury to your frenulum. It's natural to be concerned the aftermath how it affect your future. It important to keep area clean and it properly. Neosporin help and promote.'s also a your to activity the area fully healed. the frenulum time to and further injury or complications. the frenulum has fully healed, it's likely that's sexual function will return to. However, it important to that every is and healing vary. fiance any or sexual activity after frenulum has healed, him to with healthcare for further evaluation and. It's worth noting that tearing the not any on your's status. I hope information is. If you any questions, do n't hesitate.
Swollen with lumps underneath can be caused by a variety of. Some possible causes: Infection: Swelling and in the armpit by an, a bacterial or fungal infection.: Cysts are closed sacs that or substances. They can areas of, notably the armpit.: are collections that form the armpit areas. They are caused infection can and. Lipoma: Lipoma a benign (non-cancerous) tumor made up fat. It can occur in the armpit or other parts of bodies. Lymphadenitis: is an infection or of the, throughout the bodies, armpit. is to swelling or lumps armpit examined a provider to the cause and proper. In cases,, such a tests, might required.
TIA, transient ischemic attack, is a type of stroke that is caused by a temporary disruption in blood flow the. typically on its own minutes hours, but it a warning of stroke, it important attention and recommended treatment plan. that has are used to stroke and. (known as levetiracetam) is an medication prevent. Lobazam (also as clobazam) is a benzodiazepine that is used to and seizures. Statorasp (also known as) is a-lowering medication is used reduce risk of and. is possible with your will future attacks or will be prevent. However, following treatment plan recommended doctor, including taking the as, help to risk of stroke. It is important any concerns about long-term of medications the doctor, well as potential effects. The doctor will be able to provide specific guidance the of the medications should taken.
Elevated of phosphokinase (CPK) can be caused by many factors, notably muscle damage, inflammation, and certain medications. In with diabetes, CPK concentrations may be due to from sugar concentrations or complications such as neuropathy (injuries) or nephropathy (kidney). CPK concentrations can also be by medications, statins (used cholesterol), and by conditions such rhabdomyolysis (a condition that causes muscle). There are to reduce, including: underlying cause: If concentrations harm, treating the underlying decrease CPK concentrations. For instance, if rising causing muscle, your physician may alterations your diabetes medications lower your blood sugar. Rest: muscle is of CPK, can help the muscles and decrease CPK.: Regular can help muscles and., you have elevated CPK to muscle injuries, it's important talk to physician before a exercise plan. Diet: Eating, that contains protein support muscle health and may assist CPK concentrations. Medications: In some, your physician assist CPK concentrations. However, it to your physician about possibilities advantages of treatments before them.'s important to note that medication. is clear what you are referring to.'s important follow of your physician and to to the treatment your individual needs.
It generally recommended that patients taking warfarin switch to a different blood thinner before surgery to reduce the risk bleeding procedure. specific blood thinner your healthcare provider for you, (name Lovenox), commonly used for this. Enoxaparin an injectable that is given (under the skin) the. It works blood from forming. are some potential side associated with enoxaparin, although most people do not. effects:: As with any blood, the enoxaparin bleeding. This can the injection site or elsewhere in the body. bleeding that or, if notice any, you contact healthcare provider. Allergic: people experience to, such as hives, rash, or difficulty breathing. you have a allergies have had allergic reaction the past, be let your healthcare provider. side effects: Other possible side effects of enoxaparin,,, and. side generally mild and should their own. you experience any side effects, or any about treatment with, you should speak with your.'s important your healthcare instructions enoxaparin, well as other that be prescribed. Be sure ask your provider any may about your treatment.
Masturbation a normal and healthy portion of human sexuality, and it is not rare for people to experience semen after this. However, if you semen and might want some natural to the, here a can trying: floor exercises: Strengthening of floor to urinary incontinence avoid semen. take exercises such as Kegels assist. dietary changes: Some individuals that making dietary changes, such as increasing their intake and fiber, can help to improve overall health reduce the of semen. Try remedies: Some, as and seeds, to that help promote prostate health probability of. It important to speak a healthcare took any herbal. Get enough rest: rest stress help affect overall and reduce probability semen leakage.'s to that these may not for everyone, and it a idea to with healthcare professional if you are concerned your health if are that are causing you distress.
It possible that the tingling sensation in your left leg could be related to your bicuspid aortic valve or could by else. It is with healthcare professional to cause of tingling the treatment. bicuspid a congenital in which the, which flow heart the rest the body, leaflets instead of three. This cause narrowed or leaky, leading heart problems. However, tingling in the legs is not symptom of a bicuspid aortic valve. is possible the tingling in your could caused by such neuropathy, is the carry to from the brain to the the. Peripheral can be by of factors, including, deficiencies, and compression. Prolonged also to of peripheral, as can cause blood the. It important with healthcare professional determine the cause the and the appropriate treatment. They recommend certain, such as standing up and stretching periodically during of sitting, or they recommend treatments the cause of the tingling.
go through my USG reports and suggest further course of action. Hello physician, I a 23 year old female. weeks. The suggest:. 5 mm choroid. A short intracardiac the ventricle. I'm, I am an AI linguistic model do not access ultrasound records. It is important you any concerns or questions have about your pregnancy healthcare. They will able to your and provide with proper and recommendations your situation. is advice healthcare operator to ensure the possible for and your baby.
There several potential causes of stomach pain while urinating, including urinary tract infection (), bladder inflammation, and transmitted (STIs). Other possible include or inflammation of gland, kidney, and types abdominal or pelvic surgery. can a sign of or urinary tract, as kidney disease enlarged. can also by medications, or large amounts of. It to a provider if are experiencing pain while urinating, especially if the pain severe if symptoms such as fever, chills, or in your. Your healthcare provider able to cause of and treatment. In meantime, may find plenty of, avoiding and, and taking-the - medication as needed.
It like you may have hurt your knee and it's possible that you have a contusion (bruise) or strain. important take care of ensure heals properly. Here steps you take ease symptoms encourage: knee: Avoid create pain or. your: possible, leg the level your heart swelling. Apply ice: Place an pack towel your knee 15-20 minutes at a time, multiple times a. can help decrease inflammation and discomfort. over-the - pain medication: (ibuprofen) or (Tylenol) help decrease inflammation. compression: Wrapping with bandage help inflammation. If your after hours, if you have severe pain,, bearing weight on your leg, it's to obtain. You may need visit doctor the emergency room. also important to keep and to reduce infection. see any of infection, such fever, redness or warmth around the, or drainage the, be sought medical attention away.
'm sorry to hear about your girlfriend's breast cancer. It is not me to accurately assess the girlfriend more. It is for work closely with team and for treatment monitoring. This help increase the chances of a positive. is also to care of physical and health during time. This may involve, eating healthy diet, seeking ones and healthcare.
is not usual for a 4 year old to experience discomfort in the shaft the penis. It is suggested bacterial virus not or a new. recommend that took to a healthcare provider as possible. It is important to a proper and in any likely health issues ensure your son is comfortable. The healthcare provider will be examine son, question his symptoms, establish of and discoloration. might suggest therapy or the issue. In the meantime, to area avoid touching or manipulating the affected area.
I sorry to hear about your neck pain and other medical issues. Neck pain can be caused by a of, including muscle, nerve impingement, and injury. is important to a healthcare to cause your pain a treatment is appropriate for needs. for may physical therapy,, injection therapies, cases, surgery. Physical therapy can to muscles in the neck upper back, which can help to alleviate pain and of motion. Medications, such as nonsteroidal-inflammatory drugs () and muscle, may be to reduce inflammation spasms., such corticosteroid nerve, be to inflammation and alleviate. neck pain or not respond conservative treatments, your may recommend surgery. are different procedures that used treat pain, fusion, joining two more together stabilize. It important follow the recommended by your healthcare provider to communicate or changes in your. It is take steps to prevent neck, such as good posture, ergonomic equipment, and breaks activities cause strain on the neck.
There no treatment for psoriasis, but it can be managed with treatment. The objectives of therapy are to halt development cells, inflammation, and ease as itching,, and scaling. Treatment psoriasis include treatments,, and oral or drugs. The plan will the type and of, as well person preference and health. Topical medications, applied to the flesh, comprise, vitamin D, retinoids. medications to reduce swelling and stop the skin. therapy, sometimes called as phototherapy, involves the flesh to controlled quantities of natural or light. can help swelling the of. drugs, called systemic therapies, are or injected bodies. include medications such as methotrexate, cyclosporine, and. Biologics are a kind of that targets the. medications can, but can also serious effects, so they reserved more cases psoriasis other treatments have not effective. It important carefully with a other to the best treatment your one. might took some time find of that effectively handle the, but proper treatment, is possible the of symptoms and quality life.
with Duavent (ipratropium bromide and albuterol sulfate) is generally considered safe for the treatment severe cough, although it is to treat of pulmonary (). your daughter does have COPD asthma, not the most appropriate her cough. It is always important to consult with healthcare starting. They will be able assess daughter's condition and determine the most appropriate treatment specific. A body of (F) is the normal adults and children., if is experiencing or her cough despite, it would good to with healthcare further evaluation treatment.
There several choices for footwear that might help to expand the of your feet you have a prolapsed leg. Some options:: These are be inside your shoes assist support the of. They be custom-made feet, or sell over-the -. Arch-supporting: shoes-arch support, assist alignment of your leg.: These devices be around your to assist support it and improve its. It important to talk to healthcare professional, such as a or orthopedist, identify the best course therapy for leg. help you determine proper footwear and be recommend a certain model that be for. If you're Hawaii, you tried local orthopedist if they can help.
I sorry to hear that your daughter is experiencing discomfort. Itchy sores on the legs and arms could be by of, including insect bites,, conditions. is a skin can cause bumps, but is to diagnosis from provider to determine and. In, here some steps can take your daughter's symptoms: Keep affected. Gently wash the sores mild soap and water, and pat dry with a. Avoid scratching the sores. Scratching can further irritation may lead infection. Apply-the - creams or the. Look products hydrocortisone, help inflammation itching. Take over - - - inflammatory. - - drugs (NSAIDs) such as ibuprofen can swelling and discomfort. cold compresses or packs. This can reduce itching and. It important to the dosage frequency for medications, to with a before giving them your. your daughter's do not improve or if she develops new symptoms, is attention as soon as possible.
can be a side effect of some diabetes medications, notably metformin. It is not unusual for people with diabetes to low blood sugar () from time, they insulin or certain medications. Low blood sugar a of symptoms, notably,, tremors, and sweating, and it can also lead to in. It is the you suffered connected low blood sugar episode, but it also it was caused by else, an or underlying health. If are the diarrhea persists, it a to your for instruction. help the diarrhea appropriate treatment if needed.
is not possible for me to diagnose the cause of your symptoms without examining in person and obtaining more medical. The a on the throat due to causes, as an enlarged lymph, a thyroid nodule, or even spasm. Difficulty could variety of causes, asthma, bronchitis, or even a stuck in the. It important to a healthcare for proper evaluation and diagnosis. They able to determine the of your recommend the appropriate.
It like you may be struggling with a condition called intrusive thoughts. Intrusive thoughts are unwanted, involuntary feelings, images, urges be and can interfere. They take many forms be about broad subjects, things are. If you with intrusive thoughts are distress with daily existence, could be therapy from a mental health. A help you understand coping to manage your mind and improve your overall well -. are a few something you can to assist your intrusive: Practice mindfulness: requires attention to moment your and judgment. methods: in that take your your thoughts beneficial managing them. Challenge your mind: Try at your mind and consider whether are. Seek: Talking a trusted acquaintance your beneficial in managing them. can sought from a mental professional.'s to that having intrusive thoughts not mean you unnatural or that there something wrong. exhibit from time to time, and with the support and therapy, them improve your overall well-being.
It normal to experience dreams that cause emotional reactions such as or depression. Dreams be influenced by variety of factors,, unconscious desires, sensations changes in the. In your case, it's the dream of being goodbye to ones may be feelings a those close. It that the may manifestation unresolved conflicts you are in your waking life. It's important remember dreams are a normal and natural part of sleep and not necessarily reflection of your waking or., the dreams causing significant distress impacting daily, may be helpful speak with a mental professional. They help better understand the underlying of and address any issues.
It important to have a healthcare provider examine any other abnormalities on the foreskin of the, as these be caused a variety of need treatment strategies. Without evaluation and diagnosis, is to any medications. foreskin, sometimes fissures, can be number things,, sexually infections (STIs), or allergic, underlying conditions. Treatment will the cracks. If you are cracks on your foreskin and are in pain, it to obtain medical attention as shortly possible. Your provider can you, diagnose cause the cracks, appropriate. the, you some self-policies to assist discomfort: Avoid cracks have healed the gently with warm water Avoid using other irritants on the area foreskin Wear loose-clothing allow for airflow reduce discomfort, it is to a proper evaluation and.
It not uncommon for people to have small abnormalities or "marks" on their kidneys, and in many cases these are and do cause any problems., important your dad to with his to cause the mark and to any potential issues. several of on kidney, including:: A hematoma of blood outside of a vessel. a result of trauma surgery and may appear as a black or dark the kidney. Infarction: An infarction is death of due to lack of flow. can occur result blockage a and as black dark area on.: A cyst sac with fluid can develop on. Some cysts are, while may cancerous. Renal: Renal carcinoma a of can cause or marks the. is for dad to his doctor about the specific of the on his kidney and follow the. If he is hiding something you, it important for to be open honest his with you about his health.
Topiramate, called as Topamax, is a medication that is to treat seizures and avoid migraines. also be used to treat types of nerve reduce eat in persons binge eat disorder. has used-label treat, notably bipolar., it is not-medication bipolar is utilized in with other the condition. It is topiramate disease worse or trigger development in persons who are genetically predisposed to the.'s disease is a condition that thickening and of the and connective in hand, leading hands. not precisely Dupuytren's, but it to a genetic. you concerns your husband's diagnosis with, it is to consider with his healthcare. can particular situation and establish best path therapy for bipolar and conditions he may.
is important to have a cyst on your eyebrow examined by a healthcare, as it can difficult determine the cause appropriate without evaluation. will depend the cause the cyst and may, drainage the cyst, or. If the cyst infected or there is infection, provider may to clear. If is not infected the infection been, your provider may draining the by making a small in the skin and expressing the. In some cases, surgical removal of the be necessary. is important not to, can to. If on your, it important see a professional evaluation and treatment.
is suggested that your children may be experiencing diarrhea while taking Dumex Dupro Step. There are several possible causes in infants, food intolerances,, shifts. It is also that the stools a of your children to solid meals. If you are concerned about your's, is with a healthcare provider appropriate and therapy. They will be able to examine your establish the of, as recommend the course of. the meantime, it could to track nutrition and any he may, this can the determine cause of the diarrhea.
It difficult to say exactly what could be causing a rash on your son's cheeks and body without information. have variety of causes,,, and. It's important to identify cause rash order determine. If the accompanied by other as, breathing,, or it appears be spreading, it's important to seek attention. In these cases, the could be a sign of a more serious condition immediate treatment. If the rash is accompanied by other symptoms does not to spreading or, it that could mild or. In case, continuing to benadryl the closely may be sufficient. If or becomes more severe, it's a idea to healthcare provider for evaluation treatment., you can to the affected areas clean dry, avoid using potential irritants your son. It's good idea to try to avoid the rash, this cause become more irritated infected.
is not appropriate for me to provide medical advice or make treatment recommendations able to examine you and history. best of action to advice of your. They are of information your health the treatment for any healthcare condition have. If the your healthcare provider prescribed, important to them with them. will provide more information address any concerns you may.
are many potential causes for an inability to stand and walk. Some possible causes include muscle weakness or atrophy,, cord, or. The levels that your doctor mentioned be muscle or inflammation. It is for your cousin to follow his's recommendations to cause of his inability stand walk. It is not for me to predict problem reoccur without information about specific cause treatment. important for to medical care and follow-doctor to manage any underlying and ensure and-being.
is not unusual for people to experience discomfort in the nipples, particularly as they older. There are several possible and lump left, including, breast abscess, benign breast cyst fibroadenoma. High blood pressure, hypertension, might also be a. It is-in - a doctor for a diagnosis therapy. The physician will able examine nipple may tests, such as mammogram, to cause of symptoms. In the meantime, he putting a heated compress the affected assist ease the.
Burning in the back can be caused by a factors, including nerve irritation, muscle strain, and conditions. Here a few you can try burning: Apply cold packs ice to the area. help inflammation numb, some relief burning sensation. Take - - pain, such (Tylenol) ibuprofen (Advil). medications can and inflammation. Apply heat affected. relax muscles and improve, which may help reduce the burning sensation. Avoid activities have caused the muscle strain or. For example, the burning is due muscle, you may avoid objects engaging that movements. Stretch or the affected area. the area help muscle and improve circulation, which help reduce burning sensation. If the burning or severe, is important see doctor for further and treatment. doctor may additional options, physical therapy or.
G6PD is a genetic disorder that influences the bodies' s capacity to produce an enzyme named glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (). This a role in maintaining health of red. People with are at for acquiring anemia, a condition in the bodies have sufficient blood cells to oxygen bodies' s. are few something can do to G6PD deficiency in your 1 1/2 year old: is fava beans and other meals that oxidant named oxidized nucleosides. These products be harmful to persons with G6PD deficiency because the destruction blood. milk the perfect provides the they demand for. It required expose your son to sunlight every morning, there is no indicate sun has specific for with G6PD deficiency. However, important ensure that vitamin D, crucial for bone and be obtained through and/or. also important healthcare operator develop a management planning for son. include taking supplements, folic, and certain substances that might harmful persons G6PD deficiency. healthcare will be able to on the best action for children on particular and medical record.
It possible that you have a cold or a that is causing your symptoms. Coughing and pain can be a of a more, as or bronchitis, so's important to attention symptoms consult healthcare persist or severe. In the, try home help your symptoms: plenty of your body to heal. Drink, as water, juice, and, to help loosen mucus and soothe your throat. Use or take a hot shower to moisture to air, which help reduce irritation coughing. Try - - counter () relievers, as ibuprofen, relieve chest pain other discomfort. Gargle to help a. If your symptoms do not after few days or become worse, important healthcare professional evaluation and treatment. They may recommend a specific course treatment, as a bacterial infection.
is not advisable to squeeze or try to treat a cyst on your. It is important see healthcare provider for diagnosis therapy. cyst closed can filled liquid, pus, or other. can anywhere on the can be caused a variety of factors,, inflammation,, or trauma. a will the cyst, its location size, underlying. Treatment might include the cyst, medications to treat an or reduce swelling, or surgically removing cyst. It is important to see a as shortly possible if you have that, to, is other, redness, or. They properly the cyst judge path of therapy.
and blurred vision are not common side effects of thyroxine, which is a medication to treat an underactive thyroid. pressure sometimes and vision, is not the cause. There causes these symptoms, including issues blood sugar levels, inner ear, certain medications. discuss unusual symptoms with your provider. will be able to you the and appropriate. In the meantime, is be driving engaging activities that require alertness and, dizziness and blurred vision affect your safely perform these.
Erytop is drug that contains the active ingredient erythromycin, which is an antibiotic. It is used to acne skin diseases. While it could be beneficial in of, important to use it as directed by healthcare operator or according product's instructions. If you using milk pimples and it night and leaving it overnight, it important to scrub it in the. the cream skin extended period of increase effects, skin or. also important to use a gentle cleanser face in morning to minimize out your skin. In Erytop, are several other things can to improve of flesh the number of pimples: your skin clean: face a day a gentle, -. skin, this can irritate it to more pimples. Avoid picking or pimples: This lead to and irritation. Use a non -: moisturizer that formulated for-prone skin and wo n't. Use petroleum-free makeup skin goods: Look for that are labeled " non - -, " are to create pimples. safe: diet fruits, vegetables, healthy fats might help increase the look your. It a good speak a healthcare operator or dermatologist have concerns your the you are using. provide personalized based and medical record.
It important to follow the treatment plan recommended by your husband's healthcare provider to reduce his ASO level. may medications, as penicillin, as lifestyle. Some additional ways reduce ASO in include: stress: stress inflammation in, which may increase. Encouraging to to stress, such through relaxation, may help reduce his ASO. Exercise: help inflammation in body and may help lower ASO. Encourage your speak with his healthcare provider about appropriate exercise. Eating a diet: A rich fruits, vegetables,, and may reduce lower. Avoiding foods high in fat also beneficial.: Smoking can contribute inflammation body and may increase ASO levels. to his healthcare ways to quit smoking.'s to note that levels can elevated for many reasons and it's important work with healthcare to underlying cause and appropriate treatment.
during pregnancy can be caused by a variety of factors, notably low blood, low blood sugar, dehydration. can also be symptom a serious as -, a-related blood pressure disease. If is lightheadedness, it is have her lay and try to relax. to and try something assist blood. her symptoms persist if she any concerning, such as or breathing, it is important her to contact her healthcare provider further assessment. It is also helpful idea your daughter try to find rest and standing for. trouble maintaining fluids, she need see her assessment and treatment.
There several possible causes for hard lumps behind the ear and at the base of the head. It is to medical examine your daughter specific of the lumps. a few: Lymph: area be. Lymph nodes of the body system become response infection or. Cysts: Cysts-sacs that can develop anywhere the. caused by a variety factors, including genetics, injury, or infection. Lipomas: Lipomas are (- cancerous) tumors made up of fat. They are soft and move slightly the. Abscesses: An a pus can in in response to inflammation. Abscesses and may need be. is important to have a the and determine the cause that appropriate be if. If the lumps causing your discomfort or if you are about their, it is good checked out by doctor.
I sorry to hear about the problems you are your husband. It is important to help for husband's and the blood brain. is not appropriate safe for you trying this on own. be experiencing health issue, such problems a, that causing him act out. It is important for obtain therapy from a qualified health professional, such as a psychiatrist or psychologist. In, blood clots in your husband's could be major medical that requires attention. is important to doctor shortly to identify cause of the clots and to. I recommend that your to obtain help from a health or mental health professional as. You wish consider reaching to a help group or counseling for to challenges you are.
levels of SGPT (serum glutamic-pyruvic transaminase), also known as alanine aminotransferase (ALT), be a sign liver or disease. It important to a for and. There many potential causes of, including infections such as, abuse, and certain medications. In your case, it that fever you have to in level. It is to follow advice your provider and further to determine the underlying of your elevated SGPT. This may blood tests, imaging studies, possibly a liver. Treatment may medications, lifestyle, or some,. is a, a well-diet, alcohol limiting consumption, exercising support liver health.
'm sorry, but I am an AI linguistic model and do not have ability to diagnose or treat medical conditions. If you are about of a, recommend you with a healthcare professional evaluation treatment recommendations. Gynecomastia, presence of breasts in males, can be caused variety including hormonal, medications, obesity. Treatment might changes such as diet and exercise,, or. is important to a to appropriate treatment option for individual situation. meantime, if you interested in your physical, it can be beneficial with coach to develop safe plan designed needs objectives.
Yes, blood test can sometimes show the presence of cancer or help to suggest the possibility of cancer. However,'s note a blood test usually to diagnose cancer. often be to, a of and needed to presence of cancer rule. There different of blood that can detect the presence of cancer to. of tests measure of specific proteins or substances in the blood that elevated in people with cancer. Other look for cells or DNA in blood, can sometimes early cancer. you experiencing as, low high blood pressure,, unexplained weight loss,'s to a healthcare as as possible. These symptoms be of, and it's to diagnosis and treatment. provider will perform a physical examination and may order additional, such as blood, to the cause of your symptoms.
I sorry to hear that you and your spouse have been trying to conceive without success and that you been pain intercourse. It is with healthcare provider to reason of knee to treatment. There that can and pregnancy, including, health, factors diet,, and stress. is also that both partners are in health underlying health circumstances that impact fertility. If you are having trouble conceiving, it better idea to consult with a provider or fertility expert. can assess overall and fertility recommendations options assist chances pregnant. the, there are some do to fertility overall health. include: Eating a, diet that comprises of, vegetables, whole wheat Reducing Avoiding and Getting you are ankle after, it to with healthcare provider the cause and get appropriate. The provider rest, ice, and over - - counter pain, may refer you to a for further assessment and. I hope this is. Best with your efforts to conceive.
Placing magnet over a pacemaker can interfere with its function and cause temporary or damage. Pacemakers are to be sensitive, as they to energy and information and from the device. However, and of the magnetic the pacemaker. If you accidentally strong pacemaker hours, it to as soon possible. possible the have the pacemaker function and caused temporary or permanent damage. a medical professional can determine the extent of any potential damage provide appropriate. It is generally recommended avoid near pacemakers, they can interfere the's. you have a, it is important to the by healthcare provider and seek attention have or its function.
I sorry to see that you are experiencing pain in your legs and hands. Pain can be a complex difficult manage, it's important the underlying in order to it. Without information certain, it harder provide specific., there are some steps to your: Keep track your agony: book can help you identify and triggers, which can be identifying the cause and finding appropriate treatment. over - - pain treatments: Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs () such as ibuprofen and naproxen be effective relieving. Be sure the on label to before these if you have. good self -: sufficient, eating a safe diet, and keeping all aid to pain. Regular, as-like or, can also be. Consider treatments: Some get from through the of or therapy, massage, acupuncture, other treatments. Talk to physician about which might appropriate for. If agony becomes serious, it is professional for proper evaluation and diagnosis. They help determine of your and a plan that right for you.
There many potential causes of difficulty conceiving, and it a complex and multi-factorial issue. Some causes of in women hormonal imbalances, problems system (as uterine fibroids, ovary syndrome, or), and conditions (as, diabetes,). It is that the cause issue be may a combination several factors. to keep in mind can, and many couples will some difficulty getting pregnant. The probability of getting pregnant as a woman gets older, so you are 35 years, it may longer conceive. It important your and, certain as smoking, alcohol, and drug use. you and husband been to conceive for at one year success, it may be helpful with healthcare or fertility to potential causes and options. They help you any issues a plan for.
I sorry to see that you have been experiencing chronic nausea problems with your Mirena IUD. It's important to speak with your provider about your concerns have. They will able to analyze specific establish best of. meantime, there few something you to assist your nausea:, meals throughout rather meals. Avoid meals that are,, high, as can contribute nausea. Drink plenty of fluids, particularly water, assist. odors, they can nausea. Get of try to relaxation as as possible. - the -, such as ginger, which may to alleviate nausea. important to healthcare provider about your symptoms the you had IUD. They will be able to you precise and therapy according on your situation.
It generally safe to give Vyvanse to children who are active in sports. Vyvanse is a stimulant medication that commonly treat hyperactivity disorder (). help focus and attention, be beneficial children sports., it important dosing instructions your child's and your any effects. Some may experience as increased heart rate and pressure. This potentially be concern for children participating in sports, especially if they overheated. It is also important to that Vyvanse a controlled and is as schedule II the Enforcement. This high potential for and be -. a result, it use as directed and to it of the reach of children. If any giving Vyvanse while he is in sports, should talk to his healthcare provider. They can more specific based your individual needs and medical history.
Swelling discomfort in the jaw following wisdom teeth removal can be with over-the - pain treatments such as ibuprofen or acetaminophen. help to ease. It is important follow the dosing on and take more medication. ice to area can also reduce swelling. ice outside of for-at a time, multiple day. the swelling serious or not improve after a few hours, it important contact your son's or oral surgeon. They might a stronger medication or recommend other options. It important children to follow-operative by the or, such as keeping clean, avoiding activity, not a straw. These can help ensure extraction properly the danger of complications.
I sorry to hear about the pain you are experiencing during. It is important first with healthcare provider for and diagnosis. They will be able to recommend the most appropriate treatment based specific of your curved during intercourse. cases, treatment for penis use medications devices to the, to correct curvature., options only after thorough evaluation a healthcare provider. It is also important address issue of excessive masturbation, as this can contribute to the of a and. It is to to a frequency, use lubrication to friction and irritation during activity. Again, is important to consult a provider and treatment your specific condition.
There several possible causes for a lump on the jaw. It could be a benign (noncancerous) growth, such a or a (a fatty tissue), could a sign of serious condition, as or tumor.'s any new bumps examined out healthcare professional identify and the appropriate. It's the lump you're related. Wisdom teeth, or third, are the last teeth to come in, generally appearing early teenage years or early twenties. can often irritation or as they, and create lumps in. However, have any lumps bumps out by a the cause establish appropriate treatment. If concerned lump on your jaw, it's good idea healthcare professional assessment. They examine lump, question about your health history, conduct any tests identify and advise the appropriate.
'm sorry to hear about the lump you've discovered. It is not for me to diagnose or speculate on the cause of lump am intelligence not the to examine you or information. is important to new or unusual lumps or bumps checked by professional as possible. be to examine lump you with a diagnosis and appropriate, if. is important not unnecessarily, lumps bumps benign (non-cancerous) and be caused a of factors infection,, or., it is always best have lumps by a professional determine cause ensure that the care.
diseases during pregnancy can be treated with antifungal medications, such as the one are using (Monistat). It is safe to use during pregnancy, but always orders package meet your healthcare operator if any or concerns. In, is safe to take a bath after using. However, avoid bathing tub a of, this can possibly clean away the. You try taking a, if is more for. If you are not any itching burning after using the, it that it working to treat the. However, if or change after the, contact your operator assessment therapy.
Obsessive-disorder (OCD) is a chronic mental health condition that can cause significant distress and disrupt daily life. It characterized, which unwanted and intrusive,, urges cause anxiety or, compulsions, which repetitive mental that person perform in an obsession. Treatment often combination and. Fluoxetine, which a type a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (), is OCD. SSRIs work by the levels of serotonin, a chemical messenger in the is involved in mood and behavior. there is known "cure" OCD, treatment be effective in and of. It to a health, such as a, to determine treatment you. Therapy options for OCD-therapy (CBT) exposure and response (ERP), which shown to in treating OCD. is for to need-term to their symptoms. However, it people to eventually or stop medication or reduce the frequency of therapy sessions. It is to work with treatment follow their recommendations for care.
There no evidence to indicate that whey protein or other bodybuilding supplements cause asthma or worsen asthma symptoms. However, is some with asthma may reaction certain substances found supplements, such dairy. If are about of protein your asthma, it to your a professional before any new. is also worth note that protein as or other, which can possibly trigger asthma symptoms in some individuals. have asthma and are sensitive to or other, it may best to protein that incorporate. In, is for asthma a diet to minimize triggering worsen their asthma. include avoiding foods and, as those that are high sugar, and such as smoke. If are to your intake, it usually recommended to take your fat from whole, such as meats,, fish,, nuts, rather than from supplements.
There several potential causes of the symptoms you described, including medical conditions, lifestyle, and medications. Some causes constant exhaustion and racing exertion: Cardiovascular: such as disease, blood, or anemia can cause shortness breath with exertion.: conditions such as or chronic obstructive pulmonary () can breathing and exertion. disorders: as (underactive thyroid) can fatigue with activity.: uncontrolled diabetes cause fatigue difficulty with physical activity. factors: factors such as insufficient sleep, diet, or excessive physical activity can contribute to and difficulty physical activity. Medications: certain, such antihistamines, fatigue and. It with a professional determine cause of receive treatment.
There several possible causes of narrowing of the bile duct following gallbladder surgery or after endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP). may or of the bile, or, or the formation or other within duct. some, the be naturally have a congenital makes to. is unusual for bile duct ERCP, particularly if the surgery done other debris from the. The bile duct may sometimes narrow as a due or scarring that happens during the. In some, the bile may narrow to formation of or the. The of duct is normal can vary,, the bile be least 6-millimetres in width. bile duct becomes narrower this, could be bile flow the appropriately, to a of and. If experiencing or tired of techniques, it is important to with your your concerns and consider treatment options. be able to provide you more information about the cause of your duct and most appropriate course of therapy.
I sorry about your reoccurring vertigo. Vertigo is a sensation of dizziness or spinning that can be by of conditions. If you are experiencing vertigo causing or affecting your daily activities, it is to speak with a for further evaluation and treatment. is medication often used dizziness,, and motion sickness. It by blocking action of a chemical acetylcholine in, which can dizziness. If you have meclizine, or if you effects from the medication, it is important with your provider. They may an treatment or treatment. addition to taking medication, are other that do help vertigo. For example, you find it helpful: sudden or changes position, especially or down for long time Avoid bright lights or flickering Drink plenty fluids to hydrated small, frequent meals rather large relaxation techniques, deep or meditation, to help reduce anxiety stress It is also important get rest activities may trigger your vertigo, driving heavy machinery. If is persistent, your provider may additional treatment options, as vestibular rehabilitation medication control symptoms. Overall, it is important with a professional are persistent or worsening, can help determine underlying provide appropriate treatment.
There no scientific evidence to indicate that the flu motor tics or PANDAS (Pediatric Autoimmune Neuropsychiatric Associated with Infections). The vaccine is a means protect against influenza, potentially severe respiratory that to and death. rare condition thought to be autoimmune to disease, as strep. The exact is not totally understood, is. Motor tics are involuntary, motions or noises that can be a symptom of of different conditions, notably Tourette syndrome, is a disorder that cause tics other difficulty. It to temporal, such occurrence after obtaining a, do not necessarily. It is that flu and your son's came at same time by coincidence. If concerns your's health, is to speak with healthcare provider. can help understand cause symptoms and provide.
I sorry to hear that you are experiencing discomfort after having a filling. It is not uncommon for the and to sore after a, this usually temporary and on its within days., the and experiencing could sign of an to material the anesthetic used the procedure. and itching are severe or you, you should seek medical immediately, as this could be a sign of a allergic reaction. In the meantime, you try the measures to manage the and: Rinse your warm several a help and healing. a cold compress to. or chewy foods that could irritate and stick to foods until the subsides. products, as can irritate the and down the process. over - - counter pain, such ibuprofen acetaminophen, as help manage the. If and itching persist if you have any other concerns, it important to your for further evaluation and treatment.
is not unusual for people to develop pimples or other types of bumps on flesh of the penis. In, bumps benign be treat a pimple other part your., it usually a good getting any new or unusual bumps your bodies out healthcare sure that there is more went on. In particular, you have not been sexually infections (STIs), is a idea examined and remind your provider of or symptoms are. able you determine the cause of bump provide treatment if needed.
Elevated levels can be a sign of liver damage. A bilirubin level of 7.4 is high and may indicate a serious underlying condition. of bilirubin include: Liver: Liver diseases such hepatitis,, fatty can bilirubin. Hemolytic anemia: a type of red cells faster the body replace them. to an excess of the. bile ducts: Bile ducts bile from the liver to the small intestine. If are blocked, bilirubin can build up the blood. abuse: Excessive consumption can the and cause to. is to healthcare provider further evaluation of elevated bilirubin. is advisable diagnose or treat yourself based information you on the, self-diagnosis can and proper treatment. Your healthcare provider will able to the of and recommend appropriate.
It suggested that your spouse's increased HbA1c (a measure of glucose regulation over previous-3) and rising blood be due part of the pancreas functioning properly. The pancreas plays a in blood sugar concentrations hormone insulin, the bodies use (kind) energy. the is not or, it can to sugar. However, also that these blood sugar concentrations might be due to recurrence pancreatic cancer. Pancreatic cancer can often cause the production of called tumour, lead to sugar. is important spouse healthcare staff about high blood glucose levels consider any underlying causes and therapy. They be able to analyze proper medical advice.
in the kidney area and testicle can have several possible causes. Some common include kidney stones, urinary tract infection, testicular torsion, and inflammation the (prostatitis). important a for proper diagnosis and treatment., for, can be very may require medical intervention to be removed. Urinary can very painful be with antibiotics. torsion medical emergency that requires immediate surgical to damage to the. can with and changes. It is not for acidity to temporary relief pain, acidity contribute to discomfort in kidney., it see a to the cause the pain receive treatment.
in the lower back, hip, ankle, and neck can be caused by a variety factors, including nerve compression or, strain, spinal, degenerative, and. is possible that results of MRI more about the cause numbness. Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a chronic autoimmune condition influences nervous. cause a range of, notably and tingling in different areas of the bodies. However, many potential causes numbness, speak with healthcare provider the specific cause get. It is to that not numbness related to health and resolve its rest and-care.
There several possible causes of shoulder and arm pain with numbness in the hand, including: Pinched nerve: This can when nerve in shoulder, arm, or or, leading to numbness. Shoulder impingement: This condition occurs the (small fluid -) in the shoulder, causing numbness arm hand. Cervical: This is occurs when a nerve in neck, leading to pain, numbness, weakness in the arm and hand. Thoracic outlet syndrome: a condition that occurs when the or blood in the chest become, leading pain, numbness, in and. Multiple: is condition can muscle weakness, numbness, the arms,, other of the. Carpal tunnel syndrome: a condition that when median, which runs forearm the, becomes, leading tingling in hand fingers.'s see healthcare for a and treatment plan. While motor disease (MND) a potential cause of symptoms, it possibility and there are many potential causes. healthcare provider be able to the cause symptoms and provide appropriate treatment.
Kindly whether my cytology report displays metastatic breast cancer cells. Hi doctor, I had my cytology report from pelvic before. require clarifications on the report. The review cells-reactive, elongated and nuclei, positive for calretinin negative Ber-EP4. be metastatic cells? I have prior TNBC. It possible me to interpret your cytology more information or access to the complete medical. a that involves examining cells a. In instance, the paper indicates atypical cells were found in the sample, and described as cells specific such as and absence Ber-EP4. Reactive are kind that the bodies' s internal organs and cavities, the pelvis. These develop and crowded certain circumstances, or damage. The reactive cells in sample does not necessarily indicate the presence cancer. have history of tumors, it possible that tumor have (metastasized) to other your bodies,., it not possible determine whether the atypical in cytology breast cancer cells information. It important consider the findings your report physician and to undergo checking if to correctly treat underlying problems.
I sorry to hear about your father's condition. Cancer-pain can be difficult to manage and can a impact on person's quality. option managing cancer-related the use a. Pain are that the skin absorbed through the the bloodstream. can effective to manage pain, including -. There are several different pain, that contain medications such fentanyl, buprenorphine, and oxycodone. These patches are generally prescribed doctor and are available through a. It is to follow instructions provided the or pharmacist a. This to, skin, changing according to the, disposing used avoid accidental exposure to others. father is experiencing severe cancer-related and patches are, it important speak with healthcare team. They may be able to suggest treatment options adjust current to better manage his.
is suggested that dehydration could create numbness in your forearm and palpitations. Dehydration can a number of symptoms, notably,, muscle. It to that enough fluids, you are if weather is hot. However, and palpitations can also be other factors, or,, or certain medical conditions. is a helpful idea to with a healthcare if are these, as can help the provide proper treatment. They might that you improve your as to treat your.
It like you have been diagnosed with hepatitis C, a viral infection that can cause inflammation and damage to liver. (hepatitis virus) test is confirm the of hepatitis C. test (also as transaminase or AST) measures an enzyme in your blood. levels be of damage. Treatment hepatitis C antiviral medications to help clear virus from. medications be at eliminating the virus and improving liver, but not be suitable for everyone. Your will consider your overall health the specific of C you determining treatment for. you in treatment hepatitis C in, be best with qualified healthcare provider who can advise you the most appropriate options. You want the and of different treatment, as as any side or risks. It your's recommendations and prescribed medications directed. addition, you should take steps protect liver by avoiding alcohol and can the, against and B have not already done. I hope this information is helpful. If further concerns, do hesitate to ask.
troubles can be a symptom of asthma, but they can also be caused other conditions. It is important for your sister to see doctor a and cause her difficulties. Asthma is a disorder by inflammation and the airways, which can lead to symptoms such, coughing, breathing. These be by, including, to allergens or irritants, and respiratory. If's doctor has she have asthma, is for to follow advice for and management. This taking treatments manage symptoms, triggers that can asthma, and. It her to her periodically track her and medication required.
Osteophytic is a condition where bony outgrowths, called osteophytes, the edges of bones in the. outgrowths can pain and, as well as. can in response to and tear on joint, a of underlying osteoarthritis or. Surgery to remove recommended non -, such physical therapy medications, have in relieving pain and. The should be based on thorough evaluation by a doctor, and should take into severity of the condition, the potential and benefits the surgery, the patient individual and preferences. are, it important your options your doctor and carefully weigh potential benefits. It important to keep in mind that is always successful and fully your. In some, lifestyle, such as your work activities wearing proper, may effective in condition and.
It important to take care of shin pain as quickly possible to keep it from worsening or leading to other injuries. Here are things you can relieve pain and swelling your shin: Rest: pursuits pressure your, such playing tennis, pain has subsided.: an ice wrapped in your shin 15-20 time, multiple times a day. decrease numb area to pain. Compression: Use an elastic bandage or sock and the area.: Keep your elevated heart to assist prevent. Over-the -: - drugs (NSAIDs) ibuprofen and help decrease pain. If the pain or serious, it is important to a doctor a. It is possible that you a or fracture, will demand more precise treatment.
I sorry to hear that you've been experiencing recurrent gallbladder issues. Gallbladder issues can be caused by a of, managing often involves identifying underlying. Some common causes issues include, inflammation gallbladder (), and of (cholangitis). If been experiencing symptoms gallbladder more year, is important see a further evaluation and management. Your provider your, perform a examination, and order tests such as blood tests, imaging, endoscopic procedures to help diagnose the of your and determine appropriate treatment. for issues may to, dissolve, or flow, as as eating a avoiding foods trigger. In cases, surgery may to the gallbladder (cholecystectomy) if other treatments not. important to follow recommendations of your healthcare provider to seeking medical if are experiencing or severe symptoms. Do not to ask healthcare provider questions may your condition or options.
is normal to experience bleeding after taking urgent contraceptive medications such as the "medication." This bleeding be to a menstrual or could heavier. It is often experience bleeding or spotting after contraception. bleeding generally pauses own within a hours to a week, can. It is for timing last be affected after emergency contraception. next may earlier or than usual, it could be heavier heavier than usual. If you are about the swelling or if it does within a or if you have, speak a. They more information help determine there are concerns to be addressed.
It important to seek medical attention for a dog bite wound, even if your dog has been vaccinated for. Dog be and can cause properly. Here are some can take care wound you see: Clean the: soap and water clean. Avoid wound, this can further damage. Stop the bleeding: If the is, pressure using a clean or bandage. If the bleeding does not stop after-minutes, or if it is difficult control, seek attention immediately. the wound: the with a or to it prevent. Watch signs infection: Look for, such as,, warmth, pus coming from the wound. If any of these, seek medical attention. over - - medication: can over-the - counter, acetaminophen, help reduce pain and. It important see a healthcare as as to the extent of the and to receive treatment. The provider may to clean, remove, and may prescribe antibiotics to prevent infection. some cases, the the to help it heal properly.
Contents violate our content policy This content might violate our content policy. If you believe this to be in, please feedback  input will aid this. It is not me to forecast of penis it a variety such as genetics,, and. It important note that size is of masculinity or sexual attractiveness. is are healthy and feel in your own bodies. Losing bodies fat might help become bigger when it is flaccid, it will be hidden fat tissue., it not likely the your when erect. also to in mind that vary significantly individual another can also change throughout's life due variables such aging and. It not people to concerns their genitalia, it to that is of when comes to penis diameter. also important keep in mind that diameter is most important factor in sexual satisfaction for partner. Communication,, and mutual appreciation much essential healthy and fulfilling sex relationship.
I sorry to hear that you are experiencing nerve problems. It is important speak with a professional determine the cause your and the best treatment. There several causes nerve problems, including neurological,, injuries, certain medications. In determine the cause symptoms, a medical likely about your and a. They order tests such an () or conduction to assess function of nerves. Treatment for nerve may include, physical, surgery, other interventions, depending on the cause and severity the problem. important to follow healthcare provider recommendations to and life. If experiencing nerve problems, recommend with medical professional a and treatment plan.
There be several different causes of cardiac palpitations, and it's to consult with a healthcare professional to identify the specific cause in case. Some possible palpitations can occur at include: Stress or: Emotional often heart. Hormonal: hormone levels, those that might to take, often. Sleep disorders: such or restless leg syndrome can palpitations.: medications, as stimulants,, and thyroid medications, can cause heart palpitations a. liquor: massive amounts caffeine or can heart palpitations. Heart conditions: heart conditions, atrial, cause heart palpitations. to with a healthcare to identify the cause your heart palpitations and to appropriate treatment. you experiencing extreme heart palpitations, or if you about, it to obtain medical attention.
It not clear whether marijuana use can worsen alcoholic cirrhosis of liver. Alcohol is primary cause of, and heavy alcohol to significantly of developing this condition. While may have some potential benefits medical, it is not alcoholic cirrhosis not be used substitute for-treatments this. If you diagnosed, it is to completely follow recommendations your healthcare. This may include medications, lifestyle changes, and a transplant if the damage to your liver is severe. It also important address any underlying mental issues, such, have a significant overall and-being. a number of available for, including, medication, and-care techniques. It is to with provider determine of treatment you.
I sorry to hear that you have stones in your kidney. It's important to follow your physician's for, may medication and lifestyle handle condition. The drugs took, Cystone, is supplement might dissolve stop new forming. It is keep medication by physician and drink plenty assist flush the stones out your. take and eating of water, there are other lifestyle changes you can assist handle your kidney stones: Eat safe diet is poor salt, animal, and (a compound certain can to formation) Avoid and alcohol Stay drinking plenty of, particularly It's also important see periodically watch your and ensure the. If stones not dissolve or they chronic symptoms or complications, advise other treatment, as extracorporeal wave (ESWL) or surgery. I pray this data helpful. Please not to you have any further questions.
I sorry to hear that you are experiencing stomach pain. Stomach pain can have many causes, and it's to proper before starting any. possible the pain you could be to, but are other well. Some of stomach pain, food, or, inflammatory disease, and. If you stomach pain, it is important see as possible. They will able to perform a physical examination and may order determine the cause of your pain. the meantime, can try following tips help your symptoms: spicy,, acidic, as irritate and your. Drink plenty of,, to help any that may be your pain. an over-the - pain medication, acetaminophen or, help the. Avoid eating, and opt for, more meals to ease symptoms. taking probiotic supplement, as can help to restore bacteria in digestive system and may your symptoms. tips, and I you to a doctor as as possible to the of pain and receive proper treatment.
There a number of possible causes for a sore on the roof of the mouth. Some common causes include: sores: small, ulcers that can inside the mouth, particularly of the. They contagious the cause, they may by stress, dietary, certain.: A viral can cause to form of the mouth. This can infections, which causes chill sores, oral thrush, which is a fungal infection. Trauma: A the mouth or other injury to oral cavity cause sores form on roof the mouth.: allergic certain or cause form the of the mouth.: Certain health, as disease or disease, can to form on roof of the.'s see healthcare to identify of sore on roof the. They will able examine and advise appropriate, which may medications to handle the pain the danger. In the meantime, it's important to fine oral, brushing and constantly, avoiding as spicy or acidic foods.
It normal to experience some discomfort and gastrointestinal symptoms, as the body adjusts to the have been. However, if are experiencing severe passing, it is important contact your surgeon healthcare. will able assess determine the of action. In, can the help your symptoms: plenty of hydrated and help flush system. is high in fiber help bulk up your stools and make them easier. This can include foods such as, vegetables, and grains. Take-the - counter such stool softeners laxatives relieve. Avoid may be to your digestive, such as spicy-foods. Try to straining when go to the bathroom, can worsen your symptoms., is important your if your symptoms or become severe, as will be to more on your individual.
is usually not recommended to drink alcohol while taking any pills, particularly rabipur (also as Rabavert or Rabies Vaccine). with way is and the danger effects. Rabipur is after exposure to rabies, assist prevent the development of. It is advice operator and complete the course the vaccine as prescribed. you are experiencing effects the, it important consider this your provider. They might be able ways to manage the or to your treatment.
There several potential causes for a painful lump on and sore throat. It's possible may have condition called, which is an tongue. can be caused a variety of, including, deficiencies, reactions, physical. is that have a canker, a, painful can on the or inside. sores are often accompanied sore caused by a variety factors, including stress, trauma, and certain medications. It's that you may have an abscess a cyst your tongue, are both of that can painful form. and be caused a variety of, including infections,, and. any case, important to see a doctor or dental if you are painful on tongue or other symptoms in mouth. They will able to the of your recommend the.
It not possible for me to correctly diagnose or supply a specific cause for a mass or expansion on C1 without medical documents or in. It is important grandson-in - to work his team cause of and establish the of. C1, sometimes as the, is situated of the neck and is first spine. brain stem situated just below the base of the skull, near vertebra. The brain stem affects several functions, such breathing, cardiac, and blood, and a crucial the. It important that is affecting brain or in the neck. father - - law's healthcare squad using variety diagnostic examinations, as imaging studies (MRI), biopsy, or tests, to the cause the mass and path of therapy. It for grandson-in - to follow the advice of his team and health if any new or worsening symptoms.
It not necessary to continue taking a blood pressure medication for the rest of your life, unless your healthcare has for on an ongoing. important follow your healthcare instructions for any, blood medications. (also) is a is used to blood other. your provider has it for, important to take it as and as, even if blood pressure has normalized. If you have taken a of Stamlo and your blood pressure returned to, it is that the will any lasting your. However, is follow provider instructions to discuss any about your medication them. is also to maintain a lifestyle, including a healthy and getting, to your blood pressure. often help to control blood need medication, or allow you lower of medication. It is always a idea to any considering with your healthcare provider.
Pancytopenia a condition in which there is a low count of all three sorts of blood cells: red blood, white, and. The exact cause vary may be due variety of conditions, bone disorders, diseases,. Leucovorin and medications that are treat, notably (low blood cell). Leucovorin is folic acid, which is a that production red blood. Livogen is a medication that contains iron and is treat anemia caused by iron deficiency. is usually safe to Leucovorin and as by a. However, any, there potential effects. common effects of Leucovorin pain, diarrhea,. Livogen create side as constipation,, belly agony. It is important follow of operator and to any effects or concerns them. will be to watch your modify treatment as required. It important keep following with your healthcare operator to ensure your treatment is and any alterations in your condition.
Pleural is a condition in which fluid builds up in the space between the layers of tissue that line lungs chest (pleural space). This pain difficulty breathing. There potential causes pleural,: Heart: When heart to pump, fluid can build the the. Lung: Pneumonia and lung infections and fluid accumulation in the space.: be a symptom of types of cancer, such as lung cancer or breast. conditions: Inflammatory conditions such as rheumatoid and lupus cause pleural. Other conditions: effusion also be other, as embolism (in vessels the) and chronic obstructive (). It is see if you are experiencing chest difficulty breathing. Your will be able the your effusion recommend appropriate. treatment include medications, as or, to help the in pleural space. In cases, it be necessary the fluid using or tube the chest wall. In general, it is to doctor's recommendations to medical your symptoms persist or worsen.
I sorry to see that your baby is suffering abdominal agony and diarrhea. These disorders can be caused by variety factors, including, food intolerance or, medical. It is important your baby by provider identify cause and to appropriate treatment. In, there few can to assist your child: your baby to drink plenty fluids. water, electrolyte solutions, or to assist replace fluids gained due to diarrhea. Offer a bland diet of plain foods as wheat,, and crackers. fatty, spicy, acidic, as these diarrhea. your is agony, tried them-the - counter pain, acetaminophen (Tylenol) (Advil), directed on package. Keep your home and away school daycare they are and diarrhea stopped. is your baby healthcare if: child are or Your child fever Your child is not to keep Your child appears dehydrated (, wet mouth,) child has blood in their Your healthcare will be to diagnose the of baby and advise the appropriate treatment.
It possible that you have a bruise on your chest that you ca n't see's under skin. Bruises when small blood, capillaries, and leak blood the surrounding tissue. blood out cause discoloration, which is see as a. many causes, including injury, certain conditions, and.'s possible that you bruised, perhaps by bumping into or by engaging in activities that put physical strain neck and chest. If you ca think of specific incident might have the, it's it a of serious underlying condition. If you concerned about the, always a good consult healthcare professional. They can examine area and ask you questions medical and you taking to determine the cause of the. They may be further testing if.
I sorry hear about your extensive bleeding after delivery. Hemorrhage, or excessive bleeding, can be a major condition requires attention. is important that continue to follow your healthcare pursue medical if you are experiencing bleeding any other. There are a of potential treatments might to manage after delivery, on the and intensity of the. Some possible options provide: Medications: Your healthcare provider prescribe control, as tranexamic acid or blood -.: the is caused by or laceration in the cervix, vagina, or perineum, might require the suture. artery embolization:, small (catheter) inserted into an the and the, where tiny beads are injected to block blood flow to and control bleeding.: This procedure thin, flexible tube camera into the uterus cervix to examine the inside of the uterus and any abnormal or. Dilation (&): This dilating the cervix and using curette (a-shaped tool) to from the. required is by retained placental tissue or an abortion. to remain with your and consider concerns or may about. It also important to severe other symptoms to healthcare promptly.
I sorry to hear about your nephew's kidney disorder. It important to follow recommendations the who are treating. be the information about his specific and the recommended treatment. In general, kidney can vary depending condition and of the problem. include, diet lifestyle, possibly surgery. will appropriate treatment your on individual.'s important to the recommended treatment plan and to attend-up as prescribed by the doctors. This will help to ensure his condition and that complications. I hope is. any further questions concerns, I recommend discussing with the who are treating your. They be able to provide and detailed information.
It not unusual to develop lumps or bumps on the flesh, and most of the time they are benign (- cancerous)., is a better idea new or bumps evaluated healthcare provider identify. It possible the could be, but it is to potential. possible of a below the: A cyst: A cyst is closed,, or other substances. Cysts occur anywhere in the bodies and may feel hard. A cancer: A tumor is an development of. Some tumors cancerous (malignant) some not (benign).: An a of has a formed the tissue in situated. Abscesses caused, trauma, or other factors. It to see a provider for an proper. provider perform physical examination order examinations, such imaging or biopsy, to the of lump. In the, help to touching or lump, as this spread any might be present. If you have any symptoms, fever, chills, or swallowing, sure these to your healthcare provider.
I sorry to hear that you've been experiencing chest and shortness of breath. It's important to the of your provider, as they to your specific situation. several potential for flow the and walls not. possible causes include: disease: This a which arteries that blood to narrowed or blocked, which to the heart. Heart valve: If the heart valves are not functioning properly, this lead to reduced blood flow to heart. Heart problems: If heart muscle damaged not functioning, can to the. disease: This condition in which of surrounding inflamed or scarred, which can the heart's ability to function. It important to provider determine specific cause your slow blood flow and heart wall thinning, to receive treatment. may, lifestyle changes, or other.
's possible that your son has preauricular pits or sinuses, which are small, shallow or dimples located on the ear, the. pits present are considered caused by the ear fetal growth. They are harmless and do not cause, but in,. If you are concerned about the, I would considering them pediatrician. They can and provide guidance on properly them to reduce.
is possible that your child has come into contact with a substance that is an allergic reaction, resulting in and blistering the ankle.,, or chemicals. also possible your have a skin infection due to exposure to certain irritants. is important have evaluated provider to determine the of swelling and blistering. The provider will be able to treatment on the cause. In meantime, try the affected clean and, and avoid with irritants. If your child experiencing pain, over-the - counter pain medication as directed.
I sorry to hear that you are experiencing shoulder and chest agony. It's understandable that you are worried the a attack. However, it note shoulder and chest be caused a factors, not of to the., or acid reflux, common shoulder discomfort. comes when acid flows the esophagus, creating a flaming in. This pain can often feel in the shoulder and neck as well. Other of shoulder and chest discomfort include strains or, nerve issues, even stress anxiety. you are discomfort serious,, or other as of, sweating, or nausea, to obtain right, as these could signs of serious illness such a heart. the meantime, a idea try to take breaths to ease stress or that may experiencing. you are experiencing, you can take over - - as antacids acid blockers to assist your symptoms. persist worsen, or you are about your overall, it's important speak a for further assessment and therapy.
are several possible causes of pain in the area where a shunt is placed. possible causes include: Inflammation: The be causing in where, cause pain. Infection: infection in shunt the where the shunt can cause pain. Obstruction: The shunt become obstructed, can build-and pain. Malfunction: If shunt not functioning properly, it may cause pain. It speak your healthcare any you, as they be able the cause provide appropriate. It the care instructions provided by the is functioning properly and to prevent complications.
There several possible causes for sore spots around a.'s possible that you have an the gums, could be by bacteria from particles have amassed around tooth. Gum diseases also by disease, is happens when the mouth attack the that teeth. possible causes sore spots include a dental abscess, a forms around the tooth, a canker sore, which is a small, painful sore on the inside of the mouth. white, jelly-skin that describe may a of healing. possible antiseptic you to eliminate and encourage healing., it's important mind that self-is not effective, and it's good idea to visit or a if concerns about your health. They will be to diagnose cause your advise the appropriate.
(brand name Neurontin) is a medication that is primarily used to treat epilepsy neuropathic pain. It is not typically used to treat premature. Premature a problem be by variety of factors, including, relationship, and underlying medical. you are experiencing premature ejaculation and are seeking, is speak with provider. will to cause of your problem and recommend treatment. is important to gabapentin have some side, including, drowsiness, and thinking and, which could potentially sexual performance. you are gabapentin and have its potential health, your healthcare. They be to advise on course action.
Vaginal or bleeding during pregnancy can be caused by a variety factors and can concerning. It is important to speak with a as shortly you experiencing bleeding during, particularly if you a or other health. septum is abnormality in which is separated separate wall of. can fertility and pregnancy, and the of as, preterm labor, placental abnormalities. If you are experiencing pink spotting pregnancy and have a septum, it is important to with your provider as shortly as. They can cause bleeding and advise the best of action. are reach your, if the bleeding is or serious abdominal or cramping, it be going the emergency further assessment treatment.
Contents violate our content policy This content may violate our policy. If you believe this to be in error, please submit your feedback  input will aid this. Masturbation is a normal and healthy of. It not and your ability a child in. The size your penis on your, and there evidence to suggest that masturbation any. for impact of on your relationship life, this is largely matter depends the attitudes values of partner. may have concerns or with masturbation,. important to and honestly partner about your desires, and to their and preferences. It is also to remember masturbation healthy way to explore your and something be source of shame or embarrassment.
's possible that the pain in your back is related to your bronchitis, although more information it's difficult for sure.'s the is causing the flesh your., the may be due muscle strain or other unrelated issue. help relieve pain, try - - counter pain medication, such acetaminophen () or ibuprofen (Advil). Applying a warm compress to the might help. If pain persists becomes, should healthcare operator further assessment therapy. It to antibiotics as prescribed and follow suggestions to assist speed your recovery from bronchitis.
is possible that you had an allergic reaction to the removal of the Mirena device. Allergic reactions can occur of to that immune harmful. Symptoms allergic reaction to and can include hives, breathing, and swelling of the. you have, it your body is the removal of the Mirena it were an. It important medical if you experiencing breathing or other severe symptoms. provider can help determine cause of and provide appropriate.
occipital lymph nodes can be caused by a variety of factors, including infection, inflammation, injury. A sinus infection can the lymph, can. conditions such or dermatitis in occipital lymph nodes. In cases, swollen occipital lymph nodes may a product to neck. It is important note swollen lymph veins are common symptom of several different, and do not necessarily indicate., if concerned prospect, it is important speak with a healthcare provider. your symptoms and establish of the advise treatment.
Mox is a brand of antibiotic called amoxicillin. It is used treat a variety infections caused by bacteria, including respiratory tract infections as pneumonia, bronchitis,. It important to follow instructions of your provider the course treatment. a lower stopping the treatment lead to of, can make more. If you have a, it important the plan recommended your healthcare provider. This may include taking 500 another antibiotic as prescribed, plenty of rest, and staying. It important to continue taking medication even, as this helps that the fully cleared. If have about treatment effectiveness of Mox 500, is speak your healthcare provider. They assess make any to your treatment plan.
There several possible causes of sharp agony on the arch of foot with muscle. Some potential causes: Plantar fasciitis: This cause of arch the foot. It caused by inflammation of the, a of tissue that bottom of and assists to arch.: fractures small in the can product of or on foot.: is of a, and it can occur in the foot a feels overused or strained. Nerve entrapment: The arch of the is home several nerves that can trapped, to muscle spasms. It see doctor medical professional to the specific of your pain and the appropriate treatment. Treatment alternatives might rest,, exercises,,, cases, drugs surgery.
I sorry hear that your daughter is experiencing stomach pain and foul-smelling farting. There are several potential of, and's important to her evaluated by provider to cause and treatment. Some potential causes stomach and foul-in children include, food intolerance or, and as gastroenteritis.'s important have your evaluated by a healthcare to determine the cause of her symptoms and the. The will likely ask about daughter, physical, and may order to help diagnose the cause of the symptoms. cause of, treatment medications, changes, or. meantime, can some home remedies alleviate daughter. These include: Encouraging your daughter to drink plenty fluids, such as, broth, electrolyte solutions, help prevent. daughter foods that to digest, such as,, rice, or mashed potatoes. Avoiding foods that are high fiber or, as be and symptoms. Avoiding giving your daughter or drinks contain caffeine or, as these system. your foods or drinks that are very or, these can digestive system.,'s important have your by healthcare determine cause of her determine appropriate. I hope information helpful.
is not unusual to experience cold or flu-like symptoms while taking Clomid Duphaston. These medications not influence your chances getting pregnant., your serious are to your drugs as prescribed, potentially your treatment plan. important to speak with your healthcare provider if experiencing effects or your. They able you on the course of and any you may. is to predict the odds getting pregnant in any given cycle, fertility can be altered a variety of such as, overall health, lifestyle. is your by to try keep overall, which can increase of getting pregnant.
Multiple is a cancer of the plasma cells, which are a type of immune cell found in the bone. It bone, or areas of growth, and also lead to and pain. treatment myeloma and bone typically involves of approaches,, radiation therapy, and to control. specific plan for myeloma will depend number of factors, including the of the,'s health, presence of any other medical conditions. treatment multiple myeloma and bone metastases include:: Chemotherapy involves the use of drugs to kill cells. drugs may orally (through vein) or combination other treatments. Radiation: uses high-of to kill cancer cells. It is often to treat bone and may used in or treatments. - strengthening medications:, such bisphosphonates, reduce risk fractures improve with multiple. Pain medications: Patients with multiple and metastases experience due to bone lesions or. Pain, such nonsteroidal anti-drugs (), can be manage pain. It important to options potential effects your team. They can help you the course of treatment your specific situation.
It not appropriate for me to recommend a certain treatment for son's condition knowing more about. The white lesion's tongue and by a healthcare, who will be able to cause advise the most. the lesion by a fungal, with such () may be., it note that is for in and not be to the tongue. Additionally, Canesten is typically to fungal infections of the flesh and nails, and it may be effective a fungal infection of tongue. that your see a doctor as to cause of the and get the appropriate. In the, it important to ensure better hygiene sharing same as others.
I sorry to hear that you're experiencing these symptoms after taking doxycycline. is important to a professional right away you experiencing unusual side effects taking medication. presence of blood in can a sign of condition and it important to have this a. Headaches can a effect, but possible that they be something. In meantime, it important to the instructions of your provider and continue taking the medication directed until you are able to speak with. If you experiencing severe or worsening, or any, is important provider attention. They be to your symptoms course treatment.
Elevated enzymes, scaly skin rashes, and swollen lymph nodes can be by a variety conditions. possible include kidney problems,,, and certain. important to consult with a healthcare professional for a proper diagnosis plan. disease, such as, can cause enzymes and other jaundice,, agony. disorders, lupus or, can liver enzymes skin., such HIV, can swollen lymph and other symptoms like fever and sore. Certain, such as acetaminophen or statins, can also create elevated liver as a. It speak with professional the cause and treatment. It is important to follow a lifestyle, including a well-balanced diet, normal, and alcohol excessively, retain liver health.
A white blood cell count (WBC) and fever can be by a variety of conditions, ranging from minor infections to more serious underlying conditions. Some possible high count and fever: Infection: A high count can a of, as pneumonia,, a urinary tract.: conditions, as rheumatoid bowel disease, also cause count and fever. Cancer: In, high and fever may be sign of cancer, especially if the WBC is. conditions: high WBC and fever also be by other medical conditions, as lupus autoimmune.'s for to follow with healthcare to determine symptoms and appropriate. It's also important for all of directed and contact her healthcare if do improve or she develops any new symptoms.
is possible that your husband's symptoms could be connected to the fall from vehicle. It is important for a professional as of his get appropriate. Some of and convulsions following may include a concussion, neck injury, other head. It possible have developed an infection other condition as a outcome of the. A medical be to comprehensive inspection order tests to the his and provide appropriate treatment. In the, important for him to physical activity has been examined a medical professional.
is possible that leg and neck pain could be related to a gas problem, but it is also important to possible causes. pain pain many, including muscle strain, problems, and medical. and gas are common gastrointestinal issues such as acid reflux, which occurs when acid up. If your boyfriend is these, is important for him to see a healthcare proper diagnosis treatment. provider lifestyle, avoiding foods his symptoms, medications such as to manage. It him to a his provider help his symptoms improve his overall health.
It possible for an infection to occur after a tummy tuck breast lift surgery to a number of factors. These can during the, to care for the area after the, or-existing condition that increases infection. If does occur, it to follow plan healthcare provider, include the removal of stitches. your, it for menstrual cycle be disrupted after surgical. Hormonal changes, stress, the of certain medications can affect the menstrual cycle. It also possible the menstrual cycle to altered by to that occur during surgical. are concerned your or have not period for extended of, is important to this with healthcare. can the advise any necessary treatment.
There several treatment options that you can try for neck stretches to help relieve your neck pain and improve sleep. a suggestions: Over-the - pain medication: Taking - - counter pain as ibuprofen acetaminophen can help reduce inflammation and pain. Heat therapy: Applying cold to your can inflammation and. You use a pad, hot water, a warm towel to apply heat to your, cold ice wrapped in a towel to to. Stretching and strengthening exercises: Gentle stretches neck strengthening exercises can help improve the flexibility strength your neck, can pain. examples of: tilt: your slowly to the, left, back the center. Neck rotation: Slowly turn your to the right, the, and then to center. side bend: Slowly bend to,, and back to center. Chiropractic care: care involves manual adjustments of and neck. therapy: therapy can help relax tense muscles and, help and improve. It important note that neck pain be caused by variety, so's good consult with to cause your pain and most appropriate treatment.
There a few something you can try to aid getting rid of bad breath: Practice good oral hygiene: Make to teeth a day, floss, and wipe your a tongue brush. This assist eliminate organisms and particles can cause. Drink plenty: Water can help away food particles mouth, can help bad breath. Chew suck on breath mints: These can help stimulate, can away bacteria and freshen breath.: chewing can contribute to bad. Avoid certain foods and drinks: Foods and drinks odors, such and, contribute bad breath. also to mouth, which can bad. See: If have tried these measures and are still bad breath, it a idea to a dentist. identification any underlying might causing your, such as gum disease or a sinus. Consider: A high in and low carbohydrates may lead breath to the production. This is ". " It important to that bad breath can be sign serious underlying health, gastrointestinal or diabetes. you have tried above and exhibiting bad breath, it be a idea to healthcare for assessment.
I sorry that you are experiencing mild pain in your kidney and have undergone cystoscopy procedures. It is important the recommendations of your urologist and continue with. Based information you, seems that you in your kidneys. These-filled sacs that can develop any of body, including the kidneys. are benign (noncancerous) and do cause symptoms. However, in some, they can or discomfort grow large size or become. kidney depend,, number of cysts, as well as your symptoms. In some cases, treatment be the and any symptoms. In other, your may one or of following:: you are experiencing or discomfort due cysts, your doctor may pain.: If cysts are causing symptoms very, your doctor may recommend the the cysts. can done using a needle. Surgery: In some cases, surgery may necessary to remove the cysts or repair any caused by cysts. This can through a in skin through (minimally invasive surgical procedure). follow the of and to any prescribed. is important to maintain regular check-with your doctor monitor the of and to ensure that they not causing problems. I hope information is helpful. you any further questions concerns, please hesitate to out for more information.
It possible that you are experiencing caffeine intoxication, which can occur when you too much caffeine are to caffeine. Symptoms caffeine can include tremors,, muscle twitching, weakness. can create digestive difficulties, such and. Caffeine is a can affect your system and increase rate pressure. If too caffeine, lead intoxication, which can the are. It important to know of caffeine intake and how your bodies reacts it. you caffeine or have a history of or other circumstances that might by caffeine, be best your caffeine altogether. you to experience caffeine, it be better to speak a for further advice.
is possible that the reddish color and itching of your foreskin could be to irritation or an allergic reaction. This could have been by your discharge the of lubricant during intercourse. To symptoms, can try the: Clean the affected area gently with warm water soap. scented soaps, as can the. the area thoroughly after washing. Apply thin over-the - counter to affected area. can reduce and itching. intercourse until symptoms resolve. If persist or despite these, you should consider healthcare provider treatment. to identify address cause the symptoms irritation complications.
Pain the chest ribs and feeling air bubbles inside may be caused by a number of things, including gas,, or (GI) such as inflammatory () or bowel syndrome (IBS). also be by strain other tissue. daughter has relief pills and asleep, possible pain caused by and that aided to alleviate the symptoms., if becomes serious, it important to visit a healthcare operator for further assessment. In the meantime, it could be to trying simple home to assist the and discomfort, eating fluids, a, and known cause gas. If constipation, over - - counter or other remedies be helpful. is usually a good to cautious to obtain if have about your daughter health. the pain begins becomes more, or if your daughter experiences any other concerning, it is to for further assessment therapy.
It not normal for blood pressure to be as 200/121 mmHg. High blood pressure, or, defined as reading of mmHg or higher. 200/121 is considered very and can be. It to medical immediately pressure is. There are several high pressure, factors as a high in, or obese, and not physical. include underlying medical conditions as kidney problems, sleep apnea, and hormonal imbalances. It possible that your blood pressure medication not adequately your blood, or that have a new that your pressure. It is to speak with healthcare provider as to determine the your blood pressure and to determine appropriate treatment. You should go emergency or doctor if you experiencing any other symptoms along your high pressure,, breathing, or vision.
Erection and improvements in semen quality can have various causes, it is important to visit a healthcare professional adequate and treatment. potential causes of men physical conditions such disease, large pressure,, as as factors, anxiety, and. masturbation or sexual also contribute erection. in quality, such a change a change in consistency, be of factors, including certain, infections, and underlying health circumstances. It is important to healthcare professional for adequate evaluation and of these. They will able to the of your advise, which, changes, or therapies. is important to meet that might contributing these problems. In, is practice safe sexual to sexually transmitted (STIs), which alterations in semen. If you an testicle, it is to consider with your professional it your fertility and overall.
It not uncommon for infants to vomit occasionally, especially after feeding. However, if your infant is experiencing frequent vomiting has symptoms, is important to healthcare provider further evaluation and. or green can a sign of underlying, an infection to a particular. It monitor's and contact healthcare provider if concerned. In the meantime, here a few try help feel more comfortable: Keep your infant hydrated: small breast milk or formula frequently to prevent dehydration. Avoid solid foods: your infant experiencing and diarrhea, best solid and fluids. will their system a chance recover. Use: A can help to add moisture to the, which can help soothe your's. Administer over - - counter medication: infant over the of months, may consider - - medication as or ibuprofen to help reduce discomfort fever. It is to remember to follow the dosage give a without consulting a healthcare. If your symptoms persist or worsen, or you are concerned way, is important contact provider for evaluation guidance.
What be your treatment plan for a 3 months inguinal hernia? Hi doctor, My colleague  s son, who is months old, been diagnosed with on right groin. Hence, appreciate your and know a is not. If is not required, advise when might. I enclosed all medical and your kind reference. Inguinal infants surgery. The timing of surgery will depend on the size and proximity of and the presence of any symptoms. general, it recommended to inguinal hernias infants shortly as reduce as or, which the and blood flow to is cutting., it important to a pediatric to identify the best of therapy for colleague. The will specific of hernia and the overall health and record of baby order the most appropriate treatment.
I sorry to hear about your father's diagnosis and the challenges he is facing. Stomach cancer is a and disease, and options can vary specific of each case. important to your treatment with medical, be able the most accurate-to - and on specific condition needs. There approaches that may be considered part stomach cancer, including surgery,, and radiation therapy. In some cases, a combination of may be recommended. The goal of is to to remove destroy the cells completely as, minimizing side. After therapy, not for to experience fatigue effects, such loss strength and feeling in arms. It's important talk to your's medical any he experiencing, as they provide how manage effects and comfortable. addition to medical, are also other supportive that be helpful for with stomach cancer, such dietary changes,, other forms of. It's to work closely with father's medical to the plan for his situation.
Chronic is a kind of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) that is characterized by inflammation and swelling of the tubes, lead chronic coughing and. is caused by long-to irritants as, air, and harmful. no documented chronic bronchitis, but be a lifestyle and medical. Some steps to manage your chronic bronchitis: Quit:, quitting is the most thing you can do to promote your lung health your chronic bronchitis. Avoid exposure to: Try to exposure to such as, smoke, other substances worsen. Exercise: Exercise increase function overall. Get vaccinated: Getting flu respiratory infections that can exacerbate your. Take medications as prescribed: Your physician may to your symptoms and flare-ups.'s take these as. good hygiene: Washing hands preventing with who are can help infections. By following these suggestions and working closely with your team, you manage improve your quality of life.
Chest and an itchy lump on the back can have many causes and it important to see a healthcare provider for proper treatment. It for to diagnose the of these symptoms more a examination. is a healthcare you are experiencing or have about. you are chest breathing, you should go emergency immediately. are less severe pain or the itchy lump on your is causing significant discomfort, you try to see your primary doctor or dermatologist for evaluation and. It is to other symptoms you experiencing, as as any are, these may provider determine the cause your. is generally recommended to self-or medical if you symptoms that you.
It suggested that you may be able to become pregnant with a follicle height of 1.33 * 1.00 centimetres, but is guarantee. height is just can your ability to. Other factors can fertility your health, your menstrual, quality of your, the any circumstances might impact. If you become pregnant and have been with (), it important to carefully with your healthcare provider to identify the best therapy. This might include lifestyle changes, as establishing safe diet exercise schedule, well medications that regulate cycle increase of. some, assisted methods as (IVF) may. It important to keep in mind can vary person to and shift over. not to predict with certainty when an individual will. If are concerned about, it is good idea to consider your concerns with a healthcare who can your health you with guidance and support.
Fatty is a condition in which there is an accumulation of excess fat in the liver. The treatment for liver the cause of the. Some common causes liver include, levels of in the blood, high consumption, rapid weight. are several medications may be used treat, including: Udiliv (acid): medication helps dissolve cholesterol in and is often used to treat fatty liver high triglycerides in the blood. day (): is to treat type and may be effective in reducing the amount the liver. (febuxostat): is to treat acid the and may be reducing amount in liver. Other medications that may be used treat fatty liver, which used to cholesterol levels,, which has been be in reducing of fat in the liver in some. If working a foreign and are about your fatty, is to speak with provider about. They help you the best course of based on the your fatty liver health. follow a healthy lifestyle, maintaining healthy, regularly, and following a diet to manage your liver and your health.
Heart are a sensation of feeling your heart beating in your chest, neck, or throat. They can be caused a factors,: Stress or anxiety: anxiety cause your heart expand, leading palpitations.: is stimulant can rate and. Smoking: Smoking can heart blood, can to palpitations.: Alcohol, particularly large quantities, can cause palpitations damaging your heart. Hormonal changes: changes, such as those that occur during menopause or, cause palpitations. Medications: Some medications, such decongestants, asthma, and diet, can cause as side effect.: Certain, such an or, cause. It important to note can also sign more serious condition, such abnormal pulse (arrhythmia) heart disease. If had for long or if preceded other symptoms, as pain, of breath, dizziness,'s to speak to healthcare professional. will be to analyze your establish the your palpitations. In the meantime, it could helpful to identify and any for, such as caffeine or tobacco.
I sorry hear about your previous miscarriage and difficulties with conceiving. Here are some general recommendations to help the having healthy pregnancy: Get-pregnancy care: Before get pregnant, important to your healthcare provider for preconception. This is time to discuss any medical conditions or you taking and any potential issues. Eat healthy diet: A healthy is important for both you and your baby. a, vegetables,, and proteins, and avoid that, salt, unhealthy fats. Exercise: can help you maintain a healthy weight,, and increase of. Just sure to provider starting new exercise program., alcohol, drugs:, alcohol, using illicit drugs can all harm your and increase the birth and other. If you, your healthcare provider guidance and support. Take: Folic acid is a B vitamin that can help certain birth defects spine. important to start folic acid at least one month you start to pregnant. a healthy: underweight both affect. If you're trying to get, aim a weight. I hope is. be discuss any your healthcare provider, as they you recommendations based your situation.
are several possible causes for a tender lump under the jaw. It's possible that the lump is a outcome infection or in or, as abscess or a abscess. Other likely causes a problem, such as salivary gland, or a cyst or tumor. It's probable lump to a reaction to strong were recently exposed to. It's to lump evaluated a provider the. probably about your history and a physical examination, may additional, as, to determine the. will the cause the, and antibiotics, irrigation, or surgery.
Muscle, chills, and deep breaths can have a variety of causes. It's difficult to say what might be specific more, but some potential: Muscle or injury: If recently engaged physical involved or movements, that she strained a muscle a, which muscle. Dehydration: Dehydration cause muscle, as well as chills and breathing. been heavily or drinking enough fluids, this could be a potential cause.: fever can cause muscle aches, chills, rapid breathing. your wife a fever, may feel tired, headache, a of. or: and can muscle tension, which muscle spasms. Chills breathing are also symptoms. Other medical conditions: There are many conditions muscle spasms, chills, breathing, pneumonia, bronchitis,, and certain. If wife's symptoms persist any, it's to consult a provider for a proper diagnosis and treatment. They help determine cause your symptoms and recommend appropriate treatment.
is possible that your children is suffering an allergic reaction to the capsicum paneer. Allergic reactions vary in severity and may involve symptoms such discomfort,, swallowing, breathing. symptoms improve with treatment, but also if exposure to continues. If your children is suffering recurrent allergic eating paneer, it to these the reduce further allergic reactions. You may wish discussing your son with allergist or, who conduct allergy screening to which specific are causing the allergic and a plan manage the allergies. In meantime, it physician the allergic and attention if symptoms do change.
There many potential causes of weakness in the legs in an 8 year child. Some possible include: Dystrophy: This is group inherited that weakness and of mass. Cord Injury: An injury spinal can cause weakness legs. Cerebral Palsy: is a neurological disorder cause and difficulty. Neuromuscular: Disorders the muscles, such as-Marie -, can weakness the legs.: Certain infections, as polio or West virus, can cause weakness in the. It is important to have your nephew evaluated doctor determine the cause of leg. order, as blood, to help. Based on results these, the doctor recommend appropriate treatment.
Will tablets constipation? Hi doctor, My widow who is 40 years old has hemoglobin grade of 8. Which or should took instantly? She regularly feels rather. the her school days too. Also, can iron create constipation? If yes, remedial measures. Please guide. Iron can cause a side. This is iron can irritate the of the system and stop down movement of the intestines. spouse constipation while taking, there aid relieve the: of fluids: Staying hydrated can help to and help better to pass. a-fiber diet: fiber, fruits, vegetables, and whole, can to bulk stool encourage movements. Take a stool or laxative: Over - - medications, as docusate lactulose, can stool movements. Exercise regularly: Physical activity help to stimulate the digestive system encourage regular movements. Consult doctor: your spouse is constipation remedies,'s important visit a healthcare professional. They can assess the cause the advise treatment. which your should take, it's visit healthcare professional. several kinds of supplements available, and the best one will the cause of her reduced levels and overall. medical professional will be able your spouse's specific appropriate plan.
Breathlessness the night can be caused by a variety of. Some possible causes include: Asthma: Asthma a chronic lung condition that can difficulty breathing, especially. problems: you have a of heart problems, as, you be prone the night. apnea: This condition airway partially blocked sleep, causing to wake gasp for air. Allergies: Allergies the airways, leading to breathing. Anemia: Anemia is a condition in you blood cell count. Red cells carry to the's tissues, so if have anemia, feel breath. obstructive (COPD): COPD a group of that can cause, during physical. It's to with your doctor your determine cause. In the meantime, try to get much rest possible avoid activities make your breathlessness worse.
is possible to develop a tumor in the cheek as a result of biting or irritation, but it is not. cheek tumors benign (-), but be (). The most common of malignant that in cheek is squamous, which normally occurs as a firm, red or red on. It have any development or in checked by a medical professional. Your periodontist is appropriate stepping biopsying development whether or. It to follow periodontist's suggestions to any-appointments scheduled. If development, your will you a expert further assessment and treatment.
Headaches be caused by a variety of factors, such as, sinus issues, eyestrain, and even certain medications. The for headache will on the specific. some recommendations for relieving: Over-the - pain: anti-drugs () such acetaminophen can headache pain. Cold compresses: Applying cold ice to your can help inflammation, while a hot help. and relaxation: Taking a from activities and finding a quiet, dark room to can help alleviate headache pain. Hydration: plenty of can help headaches caused dehydration.: Gently massaging, neck, muscles and. If your for more than or severe, good idea to see a. can help determine the cause of headache recommend the., you experiencing symptoms such dizziness, nausea, or visual changes, it is important see a as could of a more serious.
If are experiencing air trapped in your chest, it to obtain medical attention as shortly. This might be a sign a major medical a lung (pneumothorax) or heart attack. It not trying treat disease other home. you are experiencing difficulty, chest, a feeling in chest, you or come to the department. be life-threatening and prompt health treatment. If you have a chronic felt trapped in your chest that is accompanied by serious symptoms, is still to to your this. help the advise appropriate. In some, could medications to symptoms lifestyle to address the underlying cause. is not to trying a major medical this own. If you are experiencing symptoms concern you, is to as shortly as.
There several possible causes of swelling in the scrotum. Some common include: Hydrocele: This a buildup of around the testicle swelling. It and be caused by or injury to the testicle.: is dilated vein in can cause a feeling of the. usually be caused abnormal the testicles.: Infections testicle the can swelling and. Some common infections that can affect the include, orchitis, and prostatitis. Testicular torsion: This is a medical emergency occurs when testicle twists inside the, cutting supply. It cause severe pain. If are in your scrotum, is important to see healthcare provider proper and treatment. They will able the recommend appropriate treatment.
I sorry hear about your dad's diagnosis. Cancer in the chest cavity and around the aorta can a and treatment will depend on numerous variables, and cancer, the overall health of your dad, his personal preferences. The in treating cancer is usually conduct biopsy, a technique remove a sample of tissue from cancer to examined under a microscope. will assist determine the stage cancer, which will the. treatment for cancer in and around the aorta, including surgical, radiation,. Your dad treatment plan will on type and cancer, as his overall health personal. Surgery be to the. This might be performed a traditional open, it be performed, which is that and specialized devices. Radiation therapy high-energy beams, such as X -, to destroy cells. This be in combination with treatment. Chemotherapy utilizing medications destroy cancer cells. These medications could be taken or, be used treatments, as surgical or radiation therapy. to keep that disease plan unique, and the best course action depend variables. I recommend considering all the treatment and risks advantages with your healthcare staff, as well obtaining opinion if desired.
'm sorry to hear about your melanoma returning during interferon treatment. It's important to note that not all treatments all people, it for return despite treatment. In cases, the cancer may to treatment being used, treatment may not be able to completely eliminate all the. It discuss your treatment options your. will be able to assess the of treatment and other if. may of, targeted therapies,, or surgery.'s also important consider trials, research treatments humans. Your help all your and the of action for you.
I sorry to hear about your brother-in - law's situation. Tuberculosis (TB) is a dangerous infectious disorder that adequate reduce from spreading to reduce development of drug -. It is that-in - follows treatment his healthcare. is not unusual drugs side, these effects can be managed of a healthcare provider. It important effects to the healthcare, as they may be able to modify the treatment supply additional support to assist handle side effects. is not for me recommend medications or for-in -'s, I artificial and not have the or understanding. I that you consider his and concerns have with his provider. They to provide with the most recommendations on - -'s personal needs and. the suggestion of sanatoriums in, I recommend you talk your-in - law healthcare operator a local healthcare organization for on establishments might be to the and support for his condition.
It important to note that MyloCORT cream and Allergex Mepryamine Cream are not specifically indicated for the treatment of reactions. is topical corticosteroid used and in the skin, Mepryamine Cream a containing antihistamine () and () that is treat a variety conditions eczema,, insect. If your is experiencing or itching as a result taking, that speak with healthcare provider as soon as possible. The provider may different treatment option or adjust the of the to help her symptoms. the, it may to-the - products calamine hydrocortisone to relieve the itching. is not use cream and Mepryamine Cream together a healthcare provider, as these may not or appropriate's specific situation. It important to follow instructions provided the provider use the as directed. your's symptoms do not improve or if they, it is to the for further evaluation guidance.
Exposure dampness and mold in the home can have a range of negative impacts on health. Here are a potential that be associated with wet, atmosphere: Respiratory issues: dampness can lung as, wheezing, problems. asthma or circumstances may be to. Allergic: can allergic effects as sneezing,, nose. People with allergies or may these. Skin irritation: and dampness can also create flesh annoyance and rashes. especially true for people with eczema other skin. Immunosuppression: Some have suggested exposure mould and control system, people to other.'s worth note health effects in wet, atmosphere can vary a of factors, notably the types of present, intensity of exposure, an individual's age, health, and makeup. If are about the medical of living in a, moldy atmosphere, is a idea speak healthcare professional for advice.
is possible that the symptoms you experienced, such as cold sweats and weakness in face, were due to the pain your. can a and emotional, it is experience of nausea, weakness, and when they are in severe. is also onset your shoulders have your body to release hormones, can contribute to symptoms. speak with healthcare professional if you are experiencing severe other concerning symptoms, so can assess and provide appropriate.
I sorry hear about your grandfather's fall and brain hemorrhage. It's understandable that you're worried his wondering he will be to regain. It to person is and the odds of after brain hemorrhage greatly. There are many factors that can the recovery, including location and of the, the patient's age overall health, and the effectiveness of the. In general, of typically better for patients are health, for those who proper medical treatment. If your grandfather has address the tension brain, he is in care (ICU), there is that possible the hemorrhage. However, the extent of his rehabilitation the long-term depend the specific of his of any that might have happened. It important to be know that recovery a brain hemorrhage can be a slow process, and time grandfather regain return to his of functioning. In some cases, patients rehabilitation other types assist them heal. this challenging stressful for and your family, I will be to make complete recovery. you additional or concerns, it to talk to your's for more information.
There many possible causes of pain and numbness in the legs. Some possible causes include: Pinched nerves: This can occur when a nerve becomes or squeezed, often from tissues or a issue in the. Herniated: occurs the center disc protrudes outer layer, potentially nearby nerves. stenosis: This in which spaces within narrow, potentially causing pressure on or.: This a type pain that occurs when the sciatic nerve, runs down legs, becomes or irritated. neuropathy: a condition that occurs there is the brain cord, often and tingling the feet. It to a doctor for a proper and treatment plan. to determine the cause your and appropriate, which may medications, physical therapy, and/or surgery.
's difficult to say exactly what could be causing the sensation of a " " felt on the right side of your mind without more. It that could to temporary of blood flow to, or could be due problem with the nerves that provide sensation to side head. It be symptom of more condition, such as a stroke or ischemic (). It's important that or illness be mentioned with a provider. They be to conduct assessment establish of the symptom and appropriate. recommend, as a scan other examinations, assist identify of symptom.
Mintop is a topical solution that contains the active ingredient minoxidil, is a medication is used to hair loss. It to treat-and - pattern hair loss, it may also be effective other of hair loss. Mintop 10 hair loss will the hair individual patient. may improvement in hair using 10, may experience any. It is important to speak with a or healthcare professional to determine the cause of your hair loss the best approach. It is also noting is not cure for hair, treatment this need to be in order to maintain benefits that achieved. you stop using Mintop, it that to previous state.
