, also known as edema, might cause swelling of. It occurs when excess fluid the tissues, causing the affected swell. There examples water retention, involving medications, medical conditions, lifestyle., water can problem that relieved through simple -, such elevating,, and avoiding or for too. In, more serious issue that medical treatment. ' If were experiencing your have told you if is due water retention, to doctor's treatment. on cause water retention, doctor recommend, changes, and other relieve your and improve overall. ' you about or you that are concerning to you, important to with doctor to cause and appropriate.
There be many causes of nervousness and lack of confidence, it's important to that these feelings common to at times. However, persistent with your, it may helpful with mental. identify issues and provide strategies your.'s that you be experiencing anxiety, which can cause nervousness lack. potential causes these symptoms could include trauma adverse experiences, - esteem, or certain stressors. It also that crying response to is normal and process., feel crying excessive your daily, with health professional to possible develop coping. It's important to seek are struggling with emotions if they are daily life. mental professional can provide with guidance to your your overall well-being.
It possible that your husband's rash could be caused or an allergy to apples, although there many potential well. on the feet, since spread to, might be of, including reactions,, underlying medical. more information, it to specific the. Unless your has not before that it appeared shortly eating, that an reaction to the fruit. symptoms an apples include swelling of both with tongue, breathing, and or vomiting. your has experiencing these, is to attention as, as reaction can. your symptoms a rash, it idea speak provider about diagnosis and. The healthcare provider be ask other might be. They his medical history medications he is. on this information, they should be determine the of and recommend the appropriate treatment.
It not uncommon for people to experience gastrointestinal side metformin, such as, vomiting,, diarrhea. These side be relieved medication food or by with a lower dose and., it is important metformin can more serious side, acidosis, buildup of in. acidosis can abdominal, appetite,, or breathing, a feeling of discomfort, or, unusual or tiredness. It is not clear from question whether are experiencing effects or lactic. If abdominal discomfort after, is to healthcare provider for evaluation and guidance. Your able determine the cause of symptoms whether to taking.
It difficult to determine the cause of a lump without more information without examine you on. important to provider an evaluation you are concerned with a lump stomach, as it is symptoms such or spasms. There lump, among: Lipoma: (noncancerous) of fat. Hernia: organ by weakness muscles of the abdominal wall. Abscess: The for that formed in the body as a that infection. Cyst: fluid on of that. is lump or twitching be related muscle issue. Again, it important see healthcare provider and treatment.
be several reasons why food is getting stuck your stomach. Some possible causes:: This is a narrowing of, the tube from mouth to the. It can be by the. Esophageal: a disorder the muscles of abnormally, it. Achalasia: This a the muscles the, from entering the stomach. hernia: This is condition in of the diaphragm and into chest cavity. can cause stuck esophagus. Gastroesophageal (GERD): a in from the backs into, causing heartburn and. can also cause food get the. If this consistently, important see a doctor for a and treatment. treatment depend on cause of.
is possible to get pregnant with tilted nor cystic ovaries, though these conditions sometimes it difficult. position have impact ability get, and should have your or irregular periods, potentially affect. Unless you were trying to pregnant experiencing other issues, important with a healthcare provider. They could assess your and recommend options can your. include and address conditions that might your. It to maintain healthy, diet, regularly, managing, as these also impact fertility.
are several potential causes for the discomfort and pain you are after a. Some explanations: Scar tissue: It to the a incision. scar tissue may cause, if becomes thick and.: The surgery have damaged or irritated, leading the.: The your back may be to or resulting the surgery.: is that you an at the of the incision, could cause pain and. It with doctor about your the. Your doctor recommend medication, therapy, or treatments alleviate your symptoms.
is generally not normal for blood pressure to be as low as 90/40, you were symptoms no. blood () in factors, involving, dehydration, medical. In cancer survivors, treatment-factors such as chemotherapy and radiation may also pressure. to your blood plus you experiencing your healthcare provider. They the of blood recommend. In, it is drink, eat a healthy diet, up too quickly, these help to symptoms hypotension.
is possible that chest pain could be related to the use of Clindamycin and. However, is also important potential of, such heart underlying. is important a if you experiencing, as could be issue that. the, follow the of and report to them. If experiencing breathing or chest pain, seek immediate.
I to that you were experiencing chronic liver problems plus other gastrointestinal issues. What remains important to a advised your doctor, which your case in-and Nexito tablets. However, if you not improvements to, it could to discuss this your consider treatment. addition Besides your prescribed treatment, are also the few lifestyle changes that your problems plus improve your health.: diet: healthy is on fat, sugar, and salt help to and reduce from. Practice: Regular exercise help liver. Avoiding: can the, it is important to it or to consumption you do. Quitting: damage the, is to quit smoke. Reducing stress: Chronic stress could negatively or also liver problems. healthy, such exercise,,, might. important continue to up with your to symptoms worsen and any symptoms. doctor need to adjust treatment or tests to determine the of your liver problems effective plan.
like your daughter may be experiencing some body aches joint pain as a result her viral. This be a effect of and goes away on as the fights. the, there things you to help alleviate: Encourage her rest sleep to her. her over - - counter, such () ibuprofen (Advil), as directed the label. These help and. Apply a warm compress or heating to the area reduce or pain. drink fluids,,, and sports, to replenish fluids that were. If your's or worsen, she, it is consult a healthcare further evaluation and. They will able recommend the most course based on specific of illness and.
Swelling the ankle or foot, as well or a lump groin, might have in blood clot. It seek attention as you that blood clot can be. clots be serious or complications although treated promptly. There are the, as,, and. It's important have professional the to determine cause and appropriate treatment. It's possible that swelling lump the groin might be related for the your mom to placed.'s important to to them. They be mom condition the necessary care.
I sorry to hear about your niece's discomfort. It's important for her to the plan by providers, may include medications and. the meantime, try the-to alleviate: and: douching or using on area., mild and water gently clean, it dry with a, soft.,: clothing may the blisters and cause discomfort. It best, cotton clothing to air to and help area heal. sexual activity:'s to avoid while are to allow area heal.: cold compress the can help reduce and the. Take over - - counter pain: - anti - () like ibuprofen can alleviate pain. It for your to recommended by healthcare provider and to see provider if not if she develops new symptoms.
back pain, especially though accompanied by chills, can be of a serious medical condition should not ignored. is important medical attention possible. possible causes of back pain muscle,,, heart, and. ' If you chest pain, it important to medical pain may any attack. ' If were pain,,, and cold sweats, call or your local immediately. you to see any doctor immediately, you try taking-the - medication heat the help pain., to keep mind these are only temporary the underlying of. In summary, were pain with, is to seek as soon as. Do not to 911 or your emergency you were chest or a serious.
's ataxia is a progressive neurodegenerative disorder that affects movement, balance, and coordination. for individuals Friedreich, more symptoms. general, lead to may lifespan, although this is always the case. is cure for, treatment managing and improving of. It important to closely with your, your, develop treatment plan right. It important to active as possible and to physical therapy other activities to your strength and.
's possible that you have the skin condition called, which is an for inflammation the skin. many, involving,, and medical. important dermatologist. In meantime, you may over-the - counter creams including help alleviate to. also the idea avoid tight clothing keep area. the is painful if it rapidly, and you fever or symptoms,'s important a doctor right.
Surgery remove clots from the lungs and around the be a risky procedure, particularly if are large or if the other underlying make surgery more challenging., it is important keep surgical carries risk, and risks will depend's circumstances. It discuss the risks surgery with husband members healthcare. They will able to provide more specific information about risks surgery on's and. It is also keep in improve's quality and address health. the causing symptoms his ability to function, surgery may the. I hope this is. you further or concerns, n't hesitate to.
I that you are experiencing abdominal pain, back pain, and. It is important to address symptoms a diagnosis by a medical professional. It without or recommend for you, just a text-based do not have access medical or examination. ' you experiencing or persistent abdominal pain, pain, concerning symptoms, it is to seek as soon. It for people abdominal because variety,, kidney stones, urinary tract, muscle strains,. you had to have gallbladder, is this healthcare questions the risks and for procedure. important to a second opinion have concerns and about. ' all your, this might to a variety causes, including conditions, allergies, underlying. It important to discuss this to cause appropriate treatment. In the meantime, is try as much rest while avoid that might exacerbate your. ' discomfort, helpful pain as prescribed your healthcare provider. Again, is to seek are or symptoms. It is not appropriate of diagnose recommend you, and is important with a professional a and treatment plan.
is generally not recommended for individuals with a low ejection fraction (EF) to amusement park. The well is, EF the heart not well it should be. rides can be physically strenuous and place additional on, which for with EF. important to speak your healthcare provider about situation get their engaging activities, park rides. will be assess overall and activities for you to in medical and current condition.
It difficult to diagnose a condition without a thorough healthcare provider, and are possible causes of a productive little red that to mind. These: Bronchitis: This concerns inflammation, which cause, breath, and. The cough may sometimes blood -.: This concerns of can cause such,, pain, that phlegm. Sinusitis: constitutes an inflammation of an sinuses that cause,,, and cough that produce. reaction: If you have, may productive dizziness in symptoms allergic reaction. to see an provider determine cause of your and get the appropriate. your cough will depend underlying and the any treatment.
's generally not normal for a toe to be numb for an extended time, so would by healthcare. be possible causes toe, compression of a nerve, circulation, or a injury. also possible be as as a injury on the toe. any case, it important have numbness by a to cause and appropriate. be able to a and possibly further to help cause of.
an brand with folic acid, an B vitamin important for proper fetal development. recommended for women who are get pregnant-are the early stages pregnancy to help birth and. Folic found for, such as leafy,, and grains, available in form. or while will defects. It is especially to get enough acid during weeks, women even know they pregnant. It generally advised are get pregnant daily supplement at micrograms (mcg) or pregnancy. wife has become Folivite by doctor, it important follow's take medication. also important for your wife any concerns questions may have medication to her.
several potential causes of electric shock-like pain in inner hip or groin area. possibilities include: problems: in the or groin caused muscle strains or, by problems the the. This may be other symptoms such, bruising, moving. problems: Pain the area can be irritation nerve in the area. type of pain accompanied, tingling, in the affected area. Vascular problems: in the hip area be by problems blood the. This pain accompanied by other such changes, temperature, or. is to see healthcare evaluation and proper if you are shock-inner groin area, if you any other that concern. The be able determine and recommend treatment.
is possible that you may be experiencing liver tenderness to a variety, with liver, liver damage, as mass on liver. to evaluated, it be a sign serious underlying condition that requires. possible causes viral, disease, non-fatty and, and liver. possible include,, kidney. It is to speak some healthcare to cause of liver or to appropriate course of.
There many possible causes of back pain, and it to determine the cause evaluation. It is back pain by muscle strain, but is also possible that it something else, such problem or medical condition. If came is not over - - medications like, it a for evaluation. A provider can perform examination order, such as imaging studies or blood tests, help determine cause of and recommend appropriate. meantime, important to rest avoid may exacerbate your. If the pain is have symptoms, such as fever,, or, it medical attention.
It understandable that you're feeling frustrated or tired of dealing with irregular periods due PCOS.'s to some provider about your your regulating your. The total may be for, marketed supplement to support women conceive. goal to regulate menstrual cycle, to discuss other options with healthcare. treatment options for managing PCOS or menstrual. This control pills, other of hormonal, and medications manage insulin or androgens (hormones). healthcare provider you best option based and. It's whether lifestyle, as a healthy engaging in, might also help manage cycles. provider can advise addition on medication as. In, it important healthcare about in PCOS or your menstrual. They you determine of your specific needs and goals.
A CT scan is a type of imaging test used visualize digestive, pancreas. It involves that contains barium, the of the tract and makes it easier to the scan. The test in identifying problems in the digestive. you advised barium CT following a the of your suggests that your doctor is concerned finding wants to further evaluate. It important to follow doctor the recommended determine of and the of treatment, if. It is possible of problem without evaluation, important to any with your.
several possible causes of skin peeling at the feet of a child. Some: Dry skin: skin could in a, with humidity, frequent hand, and exposure to chemicals. can to, it is properly. Fungal infection:, as's, peeling at toes. accompanied by and. reaction: a product or substance cause skin peeling hands. Eczema: an common skin condition that caused, itchy, and skin. It lead peeling cracking. It exact's without more information a medical examination. a healthcare provider proper plan. They can cream other treatment. It also practice hygiene, such washing hands frequently or thoroughly, to this locker room and.
It important to follow the recommendations of your healthcare use of Vagifem any. Deep vein thrombosis (DVT) condition that. If have had DVT your right calf a, it is important the medication by your healthcare further DVT. important to healthcare for any additional treatment, such blood like Xarelto. duration of treatment with Xarelto will the circumstances, the cause of the DVT, risk of DVT, and any other medical have. are fatigue, important to these your healthcare provider. may be to the medications you taking, and be and recommend appropriate.
might be a variety of reasons why your period was delayed. are few: Stress illness: or emotional stress or period delayed skipped. a new birth control: is that your menstrual disrupted when start with new birth. It few your to. in exercise habits: Significant in your or should also cycle. syndrome (): hormonal disorder that cause irregular the complete absence periods. It always a to speak in provider have menstrual cycle. could delay appropriate options.
There several possible causes for sharp pain in the thigh and burning sensation in the lower leg. Some potential include: or: If you had month there of bruising your,'s that may injured a your thigh or. Nerve compression: sensation your lower and foot by irritation or compression of nerve. to number, such as an injury, medical, a nerve. clot: It possible that sharp pain your thigh the sensation in leg caused a. Blood occur the of the leg symptoms such, swelling, in area.: There are many medical that cause, including muscles (), inflammation (tendinitis), and of (). to to determine your symptoms and get treatment. ask about medical and perform to help determine the cause your symptoms recommend the treatment. In some, to diagnose the problem.
I sorry to hear that you're experiencing such intense pain off to hydrosalpinx. Hydrosalpinx is an at the becomes and fills with, or. could be painful condition, to appropriate treatment possible. Unless with severe pain to appointment gynecologist,'s important seek medical as possible. You would want consider urgent care with evaluation and treatment. the, ' There things may try to help your pain: over-off - pain medication as (Tylenol) and (). Introduce. You, hot bottle, the warm compress. Stay. plenty fluids aid toxins out body and tissues. Avoid or long of, this exacerbate. important follow up as possible the of your hydrosalpinx. may include and to remove the blockage or. I hope helpful, wish you a speedy recovery.
I sorry to that you are experiencing pain in your shoulder blade. It's important to first determine underlying the pain in order the. There causes of blade, muscle or, pinched, with the ribs. Some potential options pain: Rest avoid activities exacerbate the pain: help reduce inflammation and allow body. or: Applying cold to the affected can. You use heating pad, water bottle, or warm shower to apply heat, an pack or to. Take-the -: - inflammatory (NSAIDs) as ibuprofen or pain. Physical: A physical therapist can help you stretch strengthen the muscles your shoulder. Chiropractic care: can the any misalignment problems the that be contributing shoulder blade. Massage therapy: tense muscles circulation, can pain mobility.'s important a diagnosis plan. They testing, such-or an, the cause of your blade and recommend if necessary.
cyst is an fluid-filled sac that occurs in mediastinum, which is the space the chest the. mediastinum important structures,, trachea,, and blood vessels. are relatively and at age. could various types their location and. is have and diagnose specific your mediastinal. The treatment a on type and of the cyst, or it causing. In some, no treatment be necessary the problems., if the causing is risk future, treatment can necessary. might, in this cyst, cyst. It important follow doctor's recommendations to have-to monitor. is also important let your know that you experience any or, such as breathing, pain, the neck or face.
is possible that the change in the color and appearance of could be to, chocolate that. Certain and the of urine., important consider other possible causes changes in urine color and. is always speak provider you have about's health or notice any. provider able assess your overall and determine the cause of in his. They also recommend or treatments if.
Ringworm an fungal infection that can cause an circular rash on the skin. It is to a for and, as the infection other the body other people. the, you try-measures manage the symptoms: affected and. the with soap water, and with a clean towel. Avoid the. to spread may lead to further and. Apply - - counter antifungal cream and ointment into affected area. can help kill the or the infection. Use, damp to the. that irritate an affected. - clothing natural, as cotton. Avoid personal, as, with others to prevent. important to follow by your fully. This can include taking applying ointment affected for a of time. Unless you concerns about treatment, to speak should doctor.
is difficult to accurately estimate the chances of pregnancy in a situation like there are factors. is have - (pre -) and potentially cause, although are considered to be., the fact that were already could potentially your. is that are effective contraception for preventing pregnancy and sexually transmitted consistently correctly. If were fitting, is they may provided adequate. If you, it is a good idea visit healthcare provider for evaluation guidance.
It generally recommended to seek medical attention for a wasp sting, especially since the person fever or headache after being. Benadryl or to some may this, they are not substitute. is to potential complications require more specific. person undergoing difficulty,, and severe reaction (), medical attention. In, important a injector (EpiPen) one are available and call emergency services away. experiencing more, such or, is still a to seek no nor to treatment. The may steroid medication help and alleviate the symptoms. is also to for any changes their, to attention the symptoms if new symptoms.
Questionable in the upper left lobe of the lung the presence of an abnormal accumulation or cells in that area lung. This a of an infection other respiratory issue. term " " finding not, warrants further. apicolordotic view is chest-ray that a specific and better visualize lung present. important follow up your healthcare provider for further evaluation and determine questionable in left. may tests or procedures, a computed (), get understanding of causing the infiltrates determine the appropriate of. the, it's to take of to seek medical attention if any, such cough, breath, or.
It not appropriate of me to give medical advice course of treatment an limited information. It consult with professional a proper diagnosis to discuss treatment options. Tumors the bronchial plexus to treat require a combination,,, and/or. decision of not shall depend a, the location the tumor, patient's overall medical, the risks and benefits for the procedure. It important to consider all options and to them team. provide you and based specific situation. It also important to follow recommendations to keep all of follow-to what and.
The of recovery after cardiac arrest during surgery can vary depending on a number, including the cause cardiac, the duration of, the the resuscitation. general, the of generally if the timely and effective. the been medically-coma for weeks and weaned off the medications causing and, likely that condition has stabilized. However, is to predict it will take the patient fully, the rate can greatly person to. some, several even up, in other cases, or. It is keep that recovery from a arrest be slow, and uncommon for patients experience degree of neurological or other. It will be important for patient ongoing medical and of a recovery.
It possible that tubes placed into the ears could tinnitus into a side effect. an subjective sensation of ringing,, other sounds that not caused in external sound source. tinnitus tinnitus which is rhythmic in the person. are for cause tinnitus,, noises, certain, and. placement into ears, also as myringotomy and tympanostomy, is an surgical that as ear or in the middle ear. it is the tubes into the tinnitus, is not side effect. ' If were pulsating tinnitus following having tubes into your, it from your healthcare provider about. determine and recommend treatment.
sorry to hear about the injury to your frenulum. It's natural to concerned the aftermath how it your future. It important to keep area clean and it. Neosporin help and promote.'s also a your to the area fully. the frenulum to and further injury or complications. the frenulum has, it that's sexual function will return to. However, it important that every and healing vary. fiance any or activity after frenulum has healed, him to with for further evaluation. It's noting tearing the not any on your's status. I hope information. If you any questions, n't hesitate.
Swollen with lumps underneath could have caused in a. Some possible causes: Infection: lumps in the armpit can because an, a or fungal infection.: Cysts is closed that substances. could parts of, including the armpit.: collections that the armpit areas. They is usually caused ▁ cause or pain.: Lipoma is an benign (non-cancerous) up fat. in armpit to other of the.: Lymphadenitis is an inflammation lymph, are located throughout, and armpit. It to swelling or armpit examined at a the cause appropriate treatment. In cases,, such a tests, might.
TIA, transient ischemic attack, is a type of stroke that is caused by a temporary in flow the. typically on its own minutes, but it a warning stroke, it and recommended treatment plan. that has are used to stroke and. (known as levetiracetam) is an medication. Lobazam (also as clobazam) is a benzodiazepine that used and seizures. Statorasp (also known as) is a-lowering medication is used reduce risk of. is with your will future or will be prevent. However, treatment plan recommended doctor, including the as, help to risk of stroke. It about long-term of medications doctor, well potential effects. The doctor will be to specific guidance of the medications should taken.
Elevated (CPK) may occur caused for several factors, involving muscle damage, inflammation, and certain products. In with diabetes, CPK levels may be due of from sugar values complications such (damaged) and nephropathy (kidney). CPK levels may also in medications, statins (cholesterol), and by conditions such rhabdomyolysis (condition that a muscle). There are to lower, comprising: cause: If levels damage, treating lower CPK levels. For, if high causing muscle, your doctor may changes your diabetes medications your. Rest: muscle is of CPK, help the muscles with lower CPK.: Regular can help muscles nor., develop elevated CPK to muscle, it's important talk to doctor before the exercise program.: Eating, that protein support muscle or may help CPK levels. Medications: For some, the CPK. However, to your doctor about for medications before them.'s important to note the medication. is clear what you are referring.'s important follow of but to to the your individual needs.
It recommended patients taking warfarin switch to a different blood thinner before surgery to reduce the risk bleeding procedure. specific blood thinner your healthcare for, (name Lovenox), commonly used for this. Enoxaparin an injectable that is given (under the skin) the. It blood from forming. are some potential side associated with enoxaparin, although most people do. effects:: As with any blood, the enoxaparin bleeding. the injection site or elsewhere the body. bleeding that or, if notice any,. Allergic: people experience to, such as, rash, or difficulty breathing. you a allergies have had allergic reaction the, be your healthcare provider. side effects: Other possible side effects of enoxaparin,,, and. generally mild own. experience any side, or any about treatment with, should speak.'s important your instructions enoxaparin, well as other that be prescribed. Be sure ask your provider any about your treatment.
Masturbation an normal and healthy part of human sexuality, and it is not uncommon for people to semen upon this. However, if you semen might like some natural the, here a may try: floor exercises: Strengthening of floor to urinary incontinence prevent semen. try exercises such as Kegels assist.: Some people by making dietary changes, as their on, might help to improve overall health reduce the on semen. Try remedies: Some, as seeds, that serve improve prostate health on. It important speak a healthcare taking any. Get rest: rest stress help overall but likelihood semen leakage. to these not for everyone, and idea to with healthcare professional if you are your health were that are causing you distress.
It possible that the tingling sensation in your left leg could be related to your bicuspid aortic valve or could by else. It is with professional cause of tingling the treatment. bicuspid a congenital in which the, which flow heart the rest the body, instead of three. This cause narrowed leaky, heart problems. However, tingling the symptom a aortic valve. is possible the tingling in your could caused by such neuropathy, is the carry to from the brain to the the. Peripheral be by of factors, including, deficiencies, and compression. Prolonged also to of peripheral, as can cause. It important with healthcare determine the cause the and the appropriate. recommend, such as and stretching periodically during of sitting, or they the of tingling.
go through my USG reports or suggest further course of action. Hello doctor, an 23 old.. The suggest. choroid. small echogenic focus left. I'm sorry, am an AI language model but not have reports. It important discuss and questions you concerning your pregnancy with provider. will be review reports appropriate recommendations on your specific situation. is important a your healthcare provider ensure possible to and baby.
There several potential causes of stomach pain while urinating, including infection (), bladder, and transmitted (STIs). Other possible or inflammation of gland,, and types abdominal or pelvic surgery. can a sign of urinary tract, as kidney disease. also medications, or large amounts of. It a provider if are experiencing pain while urinating, especially if the pain severe if symptoms such as fever,, or in your. Your healthcare provider cause of and. In meantime, plenty of, avoiding, and taking-the - medication as needed.
It soundlike you may have injured your knee and it's possible that you have contusion () and strain. important take care of ensure properly. Here steps you alleviate symptoms promote:: Avoid cause pain or. your: possible, leg and level your heart swelling. Apply ice: Place this pack your knee 15-20 minutes at time, times. can help reduce swelling or pain. over-off - pain medication: (ibuprofen) and (Tylenol) help relieve inflammation. compression: Wrapping in bandage swelling. Unless your days, if you have severe,, bearing weight your leg, it's seek. You would need visit the room. important to keep and to prevent infection. ' notice of, such, redness or around, and drainage, be seek medical attention away.
'm sorry to hear about your girlfriend's breast cancer. It is not me accurately assess the girlfriend more. It is for closely team and for treatment monitoring. This help the chances of a positive. is also care of physical health during. may involve, eating diet, seeking ones and.
is not normal for a 4 year old to experience pain on the the penis. is bacterial or a. recommend to take to an healthcare provider as possible. It is important to the proper and with a health ensure son is comfortable. The healthcare provider be examine son, ask his symptoms, or. might recommend treatment plus the problem. In the meantime, to area avoid touching or the affected area.
I sorry to hear about your neck pain and other medical issues. Neck pain can be caused by a of, muscle, nerve impingement, and injury. important a healthcare to cause your pain a treatment is appropriate for needs. for may physical therapy,, injection therapies, cases, surgery. Physical therapy can to muscles the upper back, which can to of. Medications, as nonsteroidal-inflammatory drugs () and muscle, may be to reduce inflammation spasms., such corticosteroid nerve, be to inflammation and alleviate. neck pain or respond treatments, may recommend surgery. are different that used pain, fusion, joining two more. It follow the by your healthcare provider to or changes your. It is take steps to prevent neck, such as good posture, ergonomic equipment, and cause on the neck.
There no cure psoriasis, and it can come managed with treatment. The goals of treatment are to decelerate growth cells, inflammation, and alleviate as,, scaling. psoriasis are medications,, and or medications. The plan shall the type and that, as well individual preference or health. Topical medications, applied to a skin, included, vitamin, retinoids. medications to reduce inflammation and down. therapy, known phototherapy, involves of skin to controlled amounts of natural and light. can help inflammation down in. medications, known systemic therapies, is injected body. include medications such as methotrexate, cyclosporine, and. Biologics are an type of that targets., though may also serious, they reserved cases psoriasis other treatments have successful. closely with other the best treatment your one. might take any time find for that effectively manage, and proper treatment, possible the between symptoms life.
with Duavent (ipratropium bromide and albuterol sulfate) is generally considered safe for the severe cough, it to pulmonary (). your does have COPD asthma, not the most appropriate her cough. It always important to consult with healthcare starting. They be assess's condition and determine the most appropriate treatment specific. A body of (F) the adults and., if is experiencing or her cough despite, it would good to with healthcare evaluation treatment.
There several options of footwear that can help to of your foot you prolapsed ankle. Some options:: These are have inside your shoes help support the of. be custom-made foot, and purchase over-the -. - supporting: shoes-arch support, help alignment of your ankle.: devices are over your to help support it or improve. It important healthcare professional, such as a nor orthopedist, determine the best course treatment ankle. help determine footwear and be recommend a specific model that be. Unless you're Hawaii, you local that they can.
I sorry to hear that your daughter is experiencing discomfort. Itchy sores on the legs arms be by of, including insect bites,, conditions. a skin can cause, but is to diagnosis from provider to determine and. In, here some steps can take your daughter's symptoms: Keep affected. the sores mild soap and water, pat with. Avoid the sores. Scratching can further irritation may lead infection. Apply-the - creams or the. Look products hydrocortisone, help itching. Take over - - - inflammatory. - - (NSAIDs) as ibuprofen can swelling and discomfort. compresses or packs. This can reduce itching and. important to dosage medications, to with a giving your. your daughter do not improve or if she new symptoms, attention as soon as possible.
can be any side effect of any diabetes medications, involving metformin. It is uncommon people diabetes low blood () time, they insulin certain medications. Low blood sugar an for symptoms, involving,,, and sweating, it could also lead towards in. is the you related low blood sugar episode, while it also it is caused that else, an nor underlying health. ' If are the persists, it to your for guidance. help the diarrhea treatment if necessary.
is not possible for me to diagnose the cause of your in person obtaining medical. The a on the due to causes, as an enlarged lymph, a thyroid nodule, or even spasm. Difficulty could variety of causes, asthma, bronchitis, or even a stuck in. important to a healthcare for proper and. They able to the your recommend the appropriate.
It or you may be struggling with a condition called intrusive thoughts. Intrusive thoughts are unwanted, involuntary thoughts, images, urges could and can interfere. many-may be a of, including that inappropriate. Unless struggling with intrusive they you interfering your daily, it may seek treatment from a mental professional. can you strategies to manage your or -. Here a few things you try to manage your thoughts: Practice: This paying attention present accepting thoughts beyond. distraction: Engaging activities that take your be in managing them. Challenge thoughts: look objectively and consider they. support: a trusted on be helpful. support through a health. It important remember that having intrusive not mean abnormal or that something wrong. people thoughts on time to, with the support or treatment, improve overall well-being.
It normal to experience dreams that cause emotional reactions or depression. Dreams be variety of factors,, unconscious desires, sensations changes in the. In your case, it's dream of being goodbye to ones may be a those close. It that the may unresolved conflicts you are in your waking.'s remember dreams are a normal and natural part sleep and not necessarily your waking or., the causing significant impacting daily, may be helpful speak with a mental. help better understand the underlying of and address any.
important to have a healthcare provider evaluate any other abnormalities on the foreskin the, as these have caused variety of require treatment approaches. Without evaluation and diagnosis, is no medications. foreskin, also fissures, might have number things,, infections (STIs), and, underlying conditions. will the cracks. ' If you were cracks on your are, it to seek medical attention as soon possible. Your provider you, diagnose cause the cracks, appropriate., you any self-measures to help discomfort: cracks have healed gently by warm using irritants the area foreskin Wear loose-clothing allow in airflow reduce, it is to a proper evaluation and.
It not uncommon for people to have small abnormalities or "marks" on their kidneys, and in many cases these are do cause any problems., important dad with his to cause the mark and to any potential issues. several of on kidney, including:: A hematoma of blood outside of a vessel. a of surgery and may appear a the. Infarction: infarction is death of due to lack of flow. can occur result blockage a and as black dark area on.: A cyst sac fluid develop. Some cysts are, while may. Renal: Renal a of can cause or. is dad to doctor about the specific of on his and follow the. If he is hiding something you, it important for to be open with about his health.
, known as Topamax, is an medication that was to treat seizures while prevent. also be used to treat of nerve prevent eating within people binge eating disorder. has-label treat, involving bipolar., it is not-treatment bipolar used in between the condition. is topiramate disease worse or trigger development in people genetically that.'s disease is an condition that thickening a of both or connective in, leading fingers. not exactly Dupuytren's, though it to the genetic. your's treatment with, is to discuss with his healthcare. could specific situation and determine best for bipolar conditions he can.
is important to have a cyst on your eyebrow examined by healthcare, as can difficult determine the cause without evaluation. will the cause the cyst and may, drainage the cyst, or. the cyst infected or there is infection, may clear. If is not infected the been, your provider may draining the by making a small the skin and expressing. In some cases, surgical removal of the. important not to, can. on your, it important see a evaluation and treatment.
remains possible that your son might be experiencing diarrhea while taking Dumex Dupro. are potential in, intolerances,, changes. It also that the stools a that your son to solid foods. ' you are concerned that your's, is from healthcare proper treatment. They will be able to assess your determine the of, as recommend the course of. the, it to track diet any he can, this might the determine of the diarrhea.
It difficult to say exactly what could be causing a rash on your son's and without information. have variety of causes,,, and.'s important to identify rash order determine. the accompanied by other as, breathing,, or it appears be spreading, it's important to seek attention. cases, the could be a sign a serious immediate treatment. If the rash is accompanied by other symptoms does not to spreading or, it that could mild or. case, continuing to the closely may be sufficient. or becomes severe, it's a to healthcare provider for evaluation., you to areas clean dry, avoid using potential irritants your son. It's idea to to the rash, cause become more irritated infected.
is not appropriate of me to provide medical advice than make treatment recommendations able examine you and history. best of action to of. They are for your health the any medical condition have. Unless the healthcare provider prescribed, important to them. will more information address any concerns you may.
are many potential causes for an inability to stand and walk. Some possible include muscle or,,, or. The that doctor mentioned be muscle or inflammation. It is for your cousin to follow his's recommendations to cause his inability stand. It not for me to predict problem reoccur information specific treatment. important for to medical care and follow-doctor to manage underlying and ensure and-being.
is not uncommon for people to experience pain on the nipples, particularly older. There several lump left, with, breast, benign breast cyst fibroadenoma. High blood pressure, hypertension, might also be any. It is-in - a for a treatment. The doctor may able examine nipple may, such mammogram, to cause of symptoms. In the, he applying a compress the affected help relieve the.
in the back can be caused by a factors, including nerve irritation, muscle, and conditions. Here a few can try burning: Apply cold packs ice to the area. inflammation numb, some relief burning sensation. Take - - pain, such () ibuprofen (Advil). medications and inflammation. heat affected. relax muscles and improve, which may help burning. activities have caused the muscle strain or. For example, the is due, you may avoid objects engaging that. Stretch or the affected area. the area help and improve circulation, help reduce sensation. the burning or severe, is important see doctor for further and. doctor may additional options, therapy or.
G6PD has an disorder that affects that body's ability to produce any enzyme named glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (). This an role for maintaining health for. People were in from developing anemia, the with the body have enough blood cells to oxygen body's. are few things may do to G6PD deficiency in your 1 1/2 year: is fava beans or other that oxidant oxidized. foods be harmful to people with deficiency as the destruction blood. milk an perfect they need on. It necessary expose your son for sunlight every morning, there is no suggest has specific for with G6PD deficiency. However, important vitamin, essential to bone obtained and/or. healthcare provider develop the management with. include taking, folic, and certain medications that might harmful people G6PD deficiency. healthcare would be to on the best action son on and medical history.
possible that you have a cold or a that is causing your symptoms. and pain can be a a more, as or bronchitis, so's important to attention consult healthcare persist or severe. In the, try home your symptoms: plenty your body heal. Drink, as water, juice, and, to help loosen soothe. Use or take a hot shower to moisture to air, help reduce coughing. Try - - counter () relievers, as ibuprofen, chest pain other discomfort. Gargle to help a. your symptoms not after days become worse, important healthcare professional evaluation and treatment. They may recommend specific course treatment, as bacterial infection.
is not advisable to squeeze or attempt to treat a your. It important see healthcare provider about treatment. cyst closed can filled fluid, pus, and other. could anywhere around the occur caused a variety of factors,, inflammation,, trauma. will the cyst, its location size, underlying. Treatment may include out cyst, medications to treat an reduce inflammation, and surgically cyst. It is important to see a if you have,,, redness, and. They properly the cyst determine course of treatment.
and blurred vision are not common side effects of thyroxine, which is to treat underactive. sometimes and vision, not cause. There causes these symptoms, including issues blood sugar levels, inner ear, certain medications. discuss unusual with your. will be able to you the and appropriate. the, is be driving engaging activities that require and, dizziness and vision affect your safely perform these.
Erytop medication that contains the active ingredient erythromycin, which is antibiotic. It gets intended to acne skin. Whilst it could be effective in of, important to it if healthcare provider but according product's instructions. ' If using cream pimples are it night and leaving it overnight, important to wash it in the. the cream skin period or increase effects, skin. also important to use gentle cleanser face for to avoid in. In Erytop, ' several may to improve this in skin number for: your skin clean: face a day a gentle, -. skin, this can irritate it to pimples. Avoid picking or pimples: This lead to and irritation. Use a -: moisturizer formulated-prone skin wo clog. Use-free makeup hair products: Look were labeled " non-comedogenic"or"oil -, " cause pimples.: rich fruits,, healthy fats may help improve appearance. It good to from healthcare provider and/our dermatologist have concerns your the were using. provide personalized based your and medical history.
It important to follow the treatment plan recommended by your's healthcare provider to his ASO level. may medications, as penicillin, as lifestyle. additional ways reduce ASO in include: stress: in, which may increase. Encouraging to to stress, such through relaxation, may help reduce his ASO. Exercise: inflammation in body and may help ASO. Encourage your speak with his provider about appropriate. Eating a diet: A rich fruits, vegetables,, may lower. Avoiding foods high in beneficial.: Smoking can contribute inflammation body and increase ASO levels. his healthcare to quit smoking.'s to note that levels can elevated many reasons and's work with to cause and appropriate treatment.
at pregnancy should occur caused in a variety of factors, involving blood, low sugar, dehydration. could also be any serious as -, a-related blood pressure disorder. As is lightheadedness, it is her lie or try to relax. to try a blood. her symptoms persist if any regarding, such as or breathing, it is her to contact healthcare provider further evaluation. It is also good your try to get rest up. difficulty keeping fluids, she need her evaluation treatment.
several possible causes for hard lumps behind the ear at the base of the. It is to medical your daughter specific of the lumps. a few: Lymph: area be. Lymph nodes of the body system become infection or. Cysts: - sacs that develop anywhere the. caused by a variety factors, including genetics,, infection.: are (- cancerous) tumors made up of fat. They are soft move the. Abscesses: An a pus in in response inflammation. and may need be. is important to have a the determine the cause appropriate be if. If the lumps causing your discomfort if you are about, it is good out by doctor.
sorry to hear about the difficulties you were your husband. It remains important help for husband's any blood brain. is not appropriate safe for you try on own. be experiencing health issue, such problems an, causing him act. It is for receive treatment by a qualified health professional, such psychiatrist. In, blood clots in your husband's could be serious medical that attention. is important doctor to cause of the clots or to. I recommend to your help for a or health professional as. You want consider reaching to a support group counseling for to challenges you were.
levels of SGPT (serum glutamic-pyruvic transaminase), also known as alanine (ALT), be sign liver or disease. It a for and. There many potential causes of, including infections such as,, and certain. In your case, it that you to in level. It is to advice your provider and further to determine underlying of your SGPT. This may blood tests, imaging studies, possibly. may medications, lifestyle,,. is a, a well-diet, alcohol limiting consumption, exercising support liver health.
'm sorry, and I am an AI language model but does have ability diagnose treat conditions. ' If you for a, recommend you from a healthcare professional evaluation treatment recommendations. Gynecomastia, the breasts males, might are caused variety hormonal, medications, obesity. may changes so as versus exercise,, and. is important some to treatment option for individual situation. meantime, if you interested in your physical, would be helpful with trainer to develop safe tailored needs goals.
, blood test can sometimes show the presence of cancer help to suggest the possibility cancer. However,'s note a blood test usually to diagnose cancer. often be to, a of to presence of cancer rule. There of blood that detect the presence of cancer to. of tests measure of specific proteins in that elevated in people cancer. Other look cells or DNA in blood, can early. you experiencing as, low high blood,, weight,'s to a healthcare as as possible. These symptoms be of, it to diagnosis and treatment. provider will perform a physical examination and may order additional, such as blood, to cause of symptoms.
I sorry to hear that you and your wife have been trying to conceive without success and if you been pain intercourse. It is with provider cause of knee to treatment. There that can or pregnancy, involving, health, factors diet,, and stress. is also both partners are in health underlying conditions affect fertility. Unless you having, good to with some provider with fertility specialist. could assess overall or fertility recommendations options assist chances pregnant. the, ' There are some do to fertility health.: Eating, diet that includes for, vegetables, grains Reducing and Getting you were knee, to healthcare provider cause and receive appropriate. The rest, ice, over - - counter pain, may refer you to a in further evaluation and. I hope this. with efforts to conceive.
Placing magnet over a pacemaker can interfere with its cause temporary or damage. to be sensitive, as they to energy and information and from the device. However, of the magnetic the pacemaker. If you accidentally pacemaker hours, it to as soon possible. the have the pacemaker function and caused permanent. a medical professional can determine the extent of potential damage provide appropriate. generally recommended avoid near, they can the's. you have a, it is important to by healthcare provider and seek attention have or its.
I sorry to that you were experiencing pain in your legs but hands. Pain can be a complex difficult manage, it's important the order it. Without information specific, it difficult provide specific., ' There are some steps to your: Keep track your pain: diary may help you identify to, which be determining the cause and effective. - - pain: Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs () such as ibuprofen or naproxen are effective relieving. Be sure some on label to before these if you have. self -: enough, eating a healthy diet, and staying all to. Regular, - like nor, might also. Consider: Some have of by or in or, massage,, treatments. Talk to doctor which might appropriate for. Unless severe, it is professional for proper evaluation and diagnosis. They help determine of your a plan for you.
many potential causes of difficulty conceiving, and it a complex and multi-factorial. Some causes of in women imbalances, problems system (as uterine fibroids, ovary syndrome, or), and (as, diabetes,). It is that the cause issue be a combination several. to keep mind can, and many couples will some difficulty getting. probability pregnant as a woman gets older, so you are 35, it may conceive. It important your and, certain smoking, alcohol, and drug use. you and husband to conceive for one year, it be helpful with healthcare or fertility to potential causes and options. help you any issues plan for.
I sorry to hear that you had experienced experiencing difficulty with your Mirena IUD. important to speak in your about your concerns have. They will able to assess specific best of. meantime, ' There few things you help your nausea:, meals throughout meals. Avoid that,, high, as can contribute nausea. Drink plenty enough fluids, particularly water, aid. odors, may nausea. Get for relax as as possible. - on -, as ginger, which can to alleviate nausea. important to provider about your symptoms how you had IUD. They will be able you specific treatment for your.
generally safe to give Vyvanse to children who are in sports. Vyvanse is a medication that commonly treat hyperactivity disorder (). help focus and attention, be beneficial children sports., it important dosing instructions your child's and your effects. Some may as increased rate and pressure. This potentially be concern for children sports, they overheated. It is important to that Vyvanse a as schedule II the Enforcement. This high potential for and be -. a result, it as directed to it of the reach children. If giving Vyvanse while he is in sports, should talk to his healthcare. They more specific based your needs and medical history.
Swelling pain on the jaw following wisdom teeth extraction with over-the - pain as ibuprofen or acetaminophen. help to alleviate. It is important follow the dosing on take more medication. ice to area could also swelling. ice outside of at-at a time, several. the swelling severe or not improve after a few days, important contact or oral surgeon. They might prescribing stronger medication or recommend other options. important son follow-to the or, such as keeping clean, avoiding activity, a straw. The can help extraction the risk from.
I sorry to hear about the pain you are. It is important first healthcare provider for and diagnosis. They be able to recommend the most appropriate treatment based specific of your curved during intercourse. cases, treatment for use devices to the, to correct curvature., only after thorough evaluation provider. is also important address issue of excessive, as this can contribute to the of a and. is to to frequency, use lubrication to friction and irritation during., is important to consult a provider and treatment your.
several possible causes for a lump on the jaw. It could be this benign () growth, such a and a (fatty tissue), could a sign for serious condition, as tumor.'s any new bumps checked out healthcare professional determine the appropriate. It the lump're related. Wisdom teeth, and third, are those last come, appearing late teenage years or early twenties. can sometimes discomfort as, and cause in. However, have any lumps bumps out by a the cause determine treatment. ' If concerned on your jaw,'s good idea healthcare professional evaluation. They examine lump, ask about your medical, perform any tests determine recommend the.
'm sorry to hear about the lump you've discovered. It not for to or on the cause am intelligence not the to examine you or information. is important to or unusual or bumps checked by professional possible. be to lump you with a and appropriate, if. is important not unnecessarily, bumps benign (- cancerous) and be caused a of factors infection,,., it is always best lumps by a professional determine cause ensure that the care.
infections in pregnancy should are treated with antifungal medications, such as one were (Monistat). It safe to use, always instructions package consult your healthcare provider if any or concerns. In, safe to a bath by using. However, soaking tub a of, this might potentially away. You taking a, if is for. Unless you are not any burning after using the, it that it working to. However, if and improve after the, contact your provider evaluation treatment.
Obsessive-disorder (OCD) is a chronic mental health condition that can cause significant distress and disrupt daily. It characterized, which unwanted and intrusive,, urges anxiety or, compulsions, which mental that person perform in an obsession. Treatment often combination and. Fluoxetine, which a type a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (), is. work by the levels of serotonin, chemical in is in mood and behavior. there is known "cure" OCD, treatment be effective in and of. It to a health, as a, to you. options for OCD - (CBT) exposure (ERP), which shown to in treating OCD. is to-term their symptoms., it people to eventually or medication or the frequency of therapy sessions. It to work treatment follow their recommendations for care.
no evidence to suggest a whey protein and other supplements cause asthma from worsen symptoms. However, is any for asthma might reaction certain ingredients found supplements, such milk. Unless are of protein your asthma, it to your professional before any. would also worth noting in protein as nor other, which can potentially symptoms individuals. have asthma but sensitive to nor, it would best to protein that. In, for asthma a diet to avoid worsen asthma. include avoiding foods and, as those that are high sugar, as smoke. ' If were to your intake, it generally recommended to get your from whole, such as meats,, fish,,, rather as supplements.
There several potential causes of the symptoms you described, including, lifestyle, and. Some causes constant exhaustion and exertion: Cardiovascular: such disease, blood, or anemia can cause shortness breath with exertion.: such as or chronic obstructive pulmonary () can and. disorders: as (underactive thyroid) can fatigue with activity.: uncontrolled diabetes cause fatigue difficulty with physical activity. factors: such as insufficient sleep, diet, or excessive physical activity can contribute and physical. Medications: certain, such antihistamines,. with a professional cause of receive treatment.
There several potential examples of narrowing in this bile duct through gallbladder surgery or following endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP). may and of the bile, plus, the or other from duct. some, the be naturally have a congenital makes and. is uncommon for bile duct, especially since a procedure performed other from. The bile duct may narrow or that whilst the. In some, the bile may narrow to formation of or the. The of duct was normal may vary,, the bile be 6-in. bile duct becomes narrower this, be bile the properly, to a of. ' experiencing tired of, it is important to by your concerns discuss treatment options. be able to provide you more information about the cause of your most course of treatment.
I about your reoccurring vertigo. Vertigo is a sensation of dizziness or spinning that can be by of conditions. If you are experiencing vertigo causing or affecting daily activities, to speak with a for further evaluation and. is medication often dizziness,, and motion sickness. It by action of a chemical acetylcholine in, which can dizziness. you have meclizine, or effects from the medication, is important with your provider. They may an treatment or treatment. to, are other that do help. For example, you find it helpful: sudden or changes position, or down for long time bright lights or flickering Drink plenty to small, meals large techniques, deep or meditation, to help reduce anxiety stress It is also important may trigger your vertigo, driving heavy machinery. If persistent, your provider may treatment options, as vestibular medication control symptoms. Overall, it is important with a professional are or worsening, can help determine provide appropriate treatment.
no scientific evidence to indicate whether the flu motor ticks with PANDAS (Pediatric Neuropsychiatric Associated with Infections). The is a way protect from influenza, potentially serious respiratory that or death. rare condition thought to become autoimmune to, as strep. The remains not understood, is. Motor tics are involuntary, movements nor sounds constitute for for different conditions, involving Tourette syndrome, is an disorder cause tics problems. It to temporal, such occurrence receiving a, do not necessarily. It is that with your son occurred in time coincidence. Unless concerns your's health, is to speak through healthcare. could help understand cause and provide.
I sorry to hear that you are experiencing discomfort after having a filling. It is uncommon the and to sore after a, this temporary and on its days., the and experiencing could sign of an to material the anesthetic used the procedure. and itching are severe or you, seek medical immediately, as this could a of allergic. In the meantime, you try the measures to manage the and: Rinse your warm several a help and. a cold compress to. chewy that could irritate and stick to until the subsides. products, as can irritate the down the. over - -, such ibuprofen acetaminophen, as manage. If and itching if you have any other concerns, important to for further evaluation and treatment.
is not uncommon for people to develop pimples or other types of bumps skin of penis., benign are a other part your., it always a good get any new or unusual bumps your body out healthcare sure there more on. In particular, you had not been sexually infections (STIs), a tested inform your provider of or symptoms are. able you determine the of provide treatment if necessary.
levels can be a sign of liver damage. A bilirubin level of 7.4 high and may indicate a underlying condition. of bilirubin include: Liver: Liver diseases such hepatitis,, can bilirubin. Hemolytic anemia: a type of red cells the body replace. to an of the. bile ducts: Bile ducts bile from the the. If are blocked, bilirubin can build up the blood. abuse: Excessive consumption can the cause to. to healthcare provider further evaluation of elevated bilirubin. diagnose treat yourself based you on the, self-diagnosis can and proper treatment. Your healthcare provider to the and recommend appropriate.
It possible that your wife's high HbA1c (a sugar control within past -) and high blood be due portion the pancreas functioning properly. The pancreas play an for blood sugar levels hormone insulin, that body use () energy. does not but, it can to. However, also that blood sugar levels may be due of recurrence pancreatic. Pancreatic cancer might sometimes cause the of labelled tumour, lead sugar. remains important wife healthcare team about high blood underlying causes and treatment. They be to assess appropriate medical.
in the kidney area and testicle can have several possible causes. common include stones, tract, testicular torsion, and (prostatitis). important a for proper diagnosis and treatment., for, can be very require medical to be removed. Urinary can painful be with. torsion medical emergency that immediate surgical to damage to the. can and changes. is not for acidity to temporary relief pain, contribute to discomfort in., it see a to the cause the pain receive treatment.
on the deep anterior, hip, leg, and neck can occur caused in a factors, involving compression, strain,,, and. is that results of MRI more about the cause numbness. Multiple sclerosis () is an chronic autoimmune disease affects nervous. cause range, with tingling of different parts of the body. However, ' many potential causes numbness, speak healthcare the specific receive. It is to that not numbness related to medical or resolve its and-care.
There several possible causes of shoulder and arm pain with numbness in the hand, including: Pinched nerve: This can when in shoulder, arm, or or, to. Shoulder impingement: This condition occurs the (small fluid -) in the shoulder, causing numbness arm hand. Cervical: This is occurs when a nerve in neck, leading pain,, weakness in the arm hand.: a that when the or blood in the chest become, leading pain, numbness, in and. Multiple: is condition can muscle weakness, numbness, the arms,, other the. tunnel: a condition that when median, runs forearm, becomes, leading tingling in hand. see for a treatment plan. While motor disease () a potential of symptoms, it possibility and there are many potential causes. healthcare provider be able to symptoms provide appropriate treatment.
Kindly my report contains metastatic breast cancer cells. See doctor, I-I got my cytology report on wash. I an clarifications about pathology report. atypical-cells, enlarged crowded nuclei, positive of and with Ber -. these be metastatic cancer cells? I the of. not by me accurately interpret your for more information and access to any. means test that involves examining beneath abnormalities. this, which atypical cells was found the sample, was identified mesothelial on characteristics such-EP4. cells any cell lines's internal organs with, and the pelvis. do enlarged to under, inflammation or. for mesothelial cells cytology sample is not necessarily indicate the. you a breast cancer, is should (metastasized) into of,. However, is not to determine whether cells metastatic breast cancer the. to discuss these findings your report doctor but to undergo testing if to accurately and underlying conditions.
sorry to hear about your father's condition. Cancer-pain can be difficult to and can a impact on's quality. option managing cancer-related the use a. are that the skin absorbed through the the bloodstream. can to manage pain, -. There are different pain, that contain medications such fentanyl, buprenorphine, and. patches prescribed doctor and are available through a. It is to instructions the or a. This to, skin, changing to the, disposing used avoid accidental exposure to. father is severe cancer-related are, it important speak with healthcare team. They may be able to treatment options adjust current better manage his.
is possible that dehydration could cause numbness to your arm and. another number symptoms,,, muscle. It to that enough, you are if weather is hot. However, and palpitations may also be other factors, and,, and certain medical. is a good idea to with a healthcare if, as may help the provide treatment. They might if you your in to address.
It like you been diagnosed with hepatitis C, a viral infection that can cause inflammation and damage to liver. (hepatitis virus) test is confirm hepatitis test (also as transaminase AST) measures an enzyme in your blood. levels be of damage. Treatment hepatitis C antiviral medications to help clear virus. medications be at eliminating the virus improving, not suitable everyone. Your will consider your overall health the specific of C you determining treatment for. you in treatment hepatitis C in, best with qualified healthcare provider who can advise you the most appropriate options. and of different treatment, as side or. It your's recommendations and prescribed. addition, you should protect liver avoiding alcohol and can, against and B have not done. I hope this information is helpful. If further concerns, hesitate to ask.
difficulties can be a symptom of asthma, though they may also caused other. It important your sister to some and cause her difficulties. Asthma is an condition by inflammation and airways, which lead towards symptoms such, coughing,. The be through, involving, to allergens to, and. ' If doctor have she have, is for her to follow recommendations plus management. This can taking reduce symptoms, triggers that asthma, and. is to see doctor her progress-and treatment needed.
is a condition where bony outgrowths, called osteophytes, the edges of bones in. outgrowths can pain and, well as. can in response to and tear on joint, of underlying osteoarthritis or. Surgery to remove recommended non -, physical therapy medications, in relieving and. The should be based on thorough evaluation by, and into severity of the condition, the potential and benefits the surgery, patient individual and. are, it important options your doctor and carefully weigh potential benefits. important in mind that successful and fully your. In some, lifestyle, such as your work wearing proper, may effective in condition and.
It important to take care of shin pain as possible to prevent it from worsening to other injuries. Here are you may relieve pain or swelling your shin: Rest: activities your, such playing tennis, pain is subsided.: ice wrapped in your shin 15-time, several each. reduce numb area to pain. Compression: Use the elastic bandage or sock or that.: Keep elevated heart to helping. Over-off -: - (NSAIDs) ibuprofen or help limit pain. Unless the pain and, it important to a doctor a. It is possible that you some nor fracture, require more.
I sorry to hear that you've been experiencing recurrent gallbladder issues. Gallbladder issues can caused a of, managing often involves identifying underlying. common causes issues include, gallbladder (), and (). If been experiencing symptoms gallbladder more year, is important see a further evaluation and management. Your provider, perform a examination, and order tests such as tests, imaging, endoscopic procedures to help diagnose the of your and determine appropriate treatment. for issues may to, dissolve, flow, as as eating a avoiding foods. In cases, surgery may the gallbladder () if other treatments not. important to follow your healthcare provider to seeking are or severe. Do not to healthcare provider condition or options.
is normal to experience bleeding after taking emergency contraceptive pills such the "pill." bleeding be to a menstrual may lighter. It common experience bleeding or spotting while contraception. bleeding usually stops within a days to a week, will. is timing next become affected after emergency. next may earlier or than usual, it may be lighter than usual. ' If you about the bleeding or if it does if you have, speak. more information help determine there are to be addressed.
It important to seek medical attention for a dog bite wound, even if your dog has been vaccinated for. Dog be and can cause. are can take care wound you see: Clean the: soap and water clean. Avoid wound, this can further damage. Stop the bleeding: If the is, pressure a or bandage. If the does-minutes, if it is difficult control, seek attention immediately. the wound: the with a or to it prevent. Watch signs infection: Look for, as,, warmth, pus coming from the. If any, seek medical attention. over - -: can-the - counter, acetaminophen, help reduce. see a healthcare as as to the extent of the and to treatment. The provider may to clean,, and may prescribe to prevent infection. some cases, the to it heal properly.
Contents violate our content policy The content might violate our content policy. ' If you believe this to be in, please feedback — input will aid the. is me to predict for penis it a variety such as genetics,, and. It important note the size is masculinity or sexual attractiveness. is are and in your own body. body appear when is flaccid, it will get hidden fat tissue., it not likely the your when erect. also to inside mind for vary significantly individual another also throughout's life due factors such aging and. It not people to concerns their genitalia, because is of when comes to penis size. also important keep inside size most sexual satisfaction for partner. Communication,, and mutual respect healthy satisfying relationship.
I sorry to hear that you are experiencing nerve problems. important speak a professional determine the cause and the best treatment. several causes nerve problems, including neurological,, injuries, certain medications. In the cause symptoms, a medical likely your a. They order tests such an () or conduction to assess function of nerves. Treatment for nerve may include, physical,, other interventions, depending the cause and severity the problem. important provider recommendations to and. nerve problems, recommend with medical professional a and treatment plan.
There be many different causes of heart palpitations, and to consult with a healthcare determine the specific cause in. Some possible palpitations can occur on include: Stress or: Emotional heart. Hormonal: hormone levels, those that can taking, sometimes. Sleep disorders: and restless syndrome palpitations.: medication, as stimulants,, and thyroid medications, might cause heart palpitations a.: amounts nor may heart palpitations. Heart conditions: heart aches, atrial, cause heart palpitations. to with some to determine the cause your heart palpitations or to appropriate treatment. ' you severe heart palpitations, and if about, to seek medical.
It not clear whether marijuana use can worsen alcoholic liver. Alcohol is primary, and heavy alcohol to significantly of this condition. While may have some potential benefits medical, it is not alcoholic cirrhosis not be used for-treatments. If you diagnosed, it is to follow recommendations your healthcare. This may include medications,, and a transplant if the damage to your liver is. It also important address underlying mental, such, have a significant and-being. a number of available for, including,, - care techniques. It is to provider determine of treatment.
I sorry to hear that you have stones in your kidney. It's important to your's for, can medication or lifestyle manage. The medication taking, Cystone, supplement can new forming. It is continue medication by doctor but drink plenty help flush the stones out your. or drinking for water, as are other lifestyle you help manage your stones: Eat healthy diet is low salt, animal, and (a compound certain can to) Avoid while alcohol plenty of, especially's also important see regularly monitor your or ensure the. Unless stones not nor persistent symptoms complications, advise other, as wave (ESWL) and surgery. I hope this helpful. Please to you have any questions.
I sorry to hear that you are experiencing stomach pain. Stomach pain can have many, and it's to proper before starting any. possible pain could be to, but are other well. Some of stomach pain, food, or, inflammatory disease, and. If you stomach pain, it is important see as. They able to perform a examination determine cause of your pain. the meantime, can following tips help your symptoms: spicy,, acidic, as irritate and your. Drink plenty of,, to help any that be pain. over-the - pain medication, acetaminophen, the. Avoid eating, and opt for, meals symptoms. taking probiotic, as can to restore bacteria in digestive system and may your symptoms. tips, and I you to doctor as as possible to pain receive proper treatment.
There a number with possible causes for a sore on the roof of the mouth. Some common causes include: sores: small, ulcers that can inside mouth, on the. contagious the cause, they may by stress, dietary, certain.: A viral should cause to form the mouth. This can infections, which cold, oral thrush, which is fungal.: the nor trauma to oral cavity cause sores form on roof the mouth.: allergic certain or cause form the on the mouth.: Certain medical, and disease, to form on roof on. see healthcare to determine of sore on. They will examine and appropriate, which can medications to manage the the. In the meantime, it's important to good oral, brushing and, avoiding as spicy or acidic foods.
normal to experience some discomfort and gastrointestinal symptoms, as the body adjusts to have been. However, if experiencing severe passing, it is important contact your surgeon healthcare. able assess determine the of action. In, can the your symptoms: plenty hydrated and flush system. is high in fiber help bulk up and easier. This can include foods such as, vegetables, and grains. Take-the - such stool softeners relieve. may to your digestive, such as spicy-foods. Try straining when to the bathroom, can your symptoms., is important your if your symptoms or become severe, will be to on your individual.
has generally not recommended to drink alcohol whilst taking no medication, (as Rabavert Rabies). to way are and the effects. Rabipur was after exposure to rabies, help prevent this development in. It is recommendations provider but complete course the vaccine like prescribed. ' you were experiencing effects, important discuss this your provider. might be able ways to these or to your.
several potential causes for a painful lump on and sore throat. It's may have condition called, is an tongue. can be caused a variety of, including,, reactions, physical. is that have a canker, a, painful on the or. sores are accompanied sore caused by a variety factors, including stress,, certain.'s that you may have an abscess a cyst your tongue, both of that painful form. and caused a variety of, including infections,, and. any, important a doctor or you are painful on tongue or other symptoms in mouth. They able to the of your recommend the.
It not possible by me to accurately diagnose or provide a specific cause for a and on C1 without medical records and in. is important son-in - work his of and determine the of. C1, also as the, is located the neck while is first. brain stem located just beneath the base of skull, vertebra. The brain regulates many functions, such breathing, heart, and blood, and an vital this. It important do affecting brain the neck. son - -'s healthcare team use variety diagnostic tests, as imaging (MRI), biopsy, and, to the mass and course of. It son-in - to follow the recommendations of team and if any new or worsening symptoms.
It not necessary to continue taking a blood pressure medication for the rest of your, unless healthcare has for on an ongoing. important your healthcare instructions for, blood medications. () a is used to blood other. your provider has it for, important to take it as and, even if blood pressure has normalized. If you taken a of Stamlo and your blood pressure returned to, it is that the will any lasting your. However, is follow provider instructions discuss your medication them. is also to maintain lifestyle, including a healthy and, your blood pressure. to control blood, or allow lower medication. It is always idea to considering with your healthcare provider.
Pancytopenia an condition during which there is an low count of every three types of cells: blood, white, and. The exact cause vary be due variety of, bone disorders, diseases,. or medications that were treat, involving (low-red blood count). Leucovorin of folic acid, which is vitamin of red cells. Livogen is an that iron to treat anemia produced in iron. It remains considered safe take Leucovorin Livogen directed in provider., for medication, a. Some side effects of pain,, nausea. have side effects as,, and pain. It is important healthcare provider but effects or them. able to monitor your treatment. also continue up with healthcare provider regularly to your treatment and every changes in condition.
Pleural is a condition in which fluid builds up in the space between the layers of tissue that line lungs chest (pleural space). This pain breathing. potential causes,: Heart: When heart to pump, fluid can build the the. Lung: Pneumonia and lung infections fluid accumulation in the space.: be symptom types of cancer, such lung. conditions: conditions as rheumatoid and lupus cause pleural. Other conditions: effusion also be other, as embolism (in vessels the) and chronic obstructive (). It is you experiencing difficulty breathing. Your will be your effusion recommend appropriate. treatment include medications,, to help in pleural. In cases, it be necessary the fluid or the chest wall. In general, it is to doctor's recommendations medical your symptoms persist or worsen.
I sorry to hear that your child are experiencing abdominal pain with diarrhea. The symptoms can are caused in variety, with, food intolerance nor, medical. is your child by provider determine cause and to appropriate treatment. In, ' There few may to helping your child: your child to drink plenty fluids. water, solutions, to further rebuild fluids thanks. this diet plain foods as rice,, and crackers. fatty, spicy, acidic, as these diarrhea. ' your starts pain, try them-off - counter pain, acetaminophen (Tylenol) (Advil), on. Keep home and away school daycare are until stopped. is your child healthcare: are Your child Your child is not to Your child dehydrated (, dry mouth,) child has blood on their Your healthcare would be to diagnose the and as appropriate treatment.
possible that you have a bruise on your chest that you ca n't's under skin. Bruises small blood, capillaries, and leak blood the surrounding tissue. blood cause discoloration, which is see as a. many causes, injury, certain conditions,.'s possible you bruised, perhaps by bumping into or by engaging that strain neck and chest. If you ca think of specific incident might the, it's a serious condition. If you concerned about the, always a good consult. They can examine and you questions medical and you taking to determine the cause of. They may be further testing if.
I about your ongoing bleeding after delivery. Hemorrhage, and excessive bleeding, might constitute in serious condition requires attention. is important that continue to your seek medical if you may experiencing bleeding any other. There are a on potential treatments can to after delivery, on the and severity of the. Some possible options include: Medications: Your healthcare prescribe control, as tranexamic acid or blood -.: the was or laceration of the cervix,, and perineum, might need the suture. artery embolization:, () an the by the, where small are injected block blood flow to or control bleeding.: This procedure, flexible camera the uterus cervix to examine the inside of the uterus or any. and (): procedure involves the curette (- instrument) tissue the. be if bleeding caused or retained tissue and incomplete. important to continue up but discuss and you may on. It also important to other symptoms healthcare promptly.
I sorry to hear about your nephew's kidney. important to follow recommendations who are treating. be the information his specific and the recommended treatment. In general, kidney can vary depending condition and of the problem., diet, possibly surgery. will appropriate treatment your individual.'s important the recommended treatment plan and to attend-up as by the doctors. This will help ensure his condition and complications. I hope is. any further questions concerns, I who are treating your. They be to provide and detailed.
It not uncommon to develop lumps nor bumps on the skin, and most of the time they are benign (- cancerous)., is a good idea new bumps healthcare provider. It possible the could be, while it is to potential. possible of any below the: cyst: A cyst is closed,, and substances. occur anywhere in the and. The: A is an growth in. Some tumors cancerous (malignant) some not (benign).: An a for has a formed the tissue in located. Abscesses,, and factors. to see this provider with. provider perform physical examination order tests, such biopsy, to of lump. the, try to touching and lump, as spread may be present. ' If you develop any symptoms, fever, chills, and, sure these to your healthcare provider.
sorry to hear that you've been experiencing chest and shortness of breath. It important to the of your, as they to your specific situation. several potential for the and walls not. possible causes include: disease: This a arteries that blood narrowed or, which to the heart. Heart valve: If the heart not, this lead to reduced blood flow to heart. Heart problems: heart damaged not, can to the. disease: This in which of surrounding inflamed or scarred, which the heart ability to function. to provider determine specific cause your slow blood flow and heart wall, to receive treatment. may, changes, or other.
's possible that your son has preauricular pits or sinuses, which are small, shallow or located the ear, the. pits present caused and the fetal development. They are and do not cause, and in,. ' If concerned about the, I would discussing them pediatrician. They could and guidance on properly them prevent.
is possible that your child has come into contact with a substance that an allergic, resulting and ankle.,, or. also possible your have a skin infection due to exposure to certain irritants. is important have evaluated provider determine of and blistering. The provider will be to treatment on the cause. In, the clean and, and avoid with irritants. If your child experiencing pain, over-the - counter medication as directed.
I sorry to hear that you were experiencing shoulder or chest pain. It's understandable you are worried the a attack. However, it note or feel caused a factors, not of to the., and acid reflux, common shoulder pain. occurs when acid flows the esophagus, causing the burning to. This may felt in the shoulder neck. of or chest pain are strains and, nerve, also stress anxiety. ' you were pain severe,, and other as in, sweating, and nausea, to seek right, as could of condition such a heart. the, idea try to take breaths to stress may feeling. ' you experiencing, you try over - - as antacids acid blockers to help your symptoms. persist worsen, and you are your overall, it's important for evaluation and treatment.
are several possible causes of pain in the area where a shunt is. possible causes: Inflammation: be where, cause. Infection: infection in shunt the where the shunt can cause pain.: The shunt become obstructed, can build-and. Malfunction: shunt functioning properly, it may cause pain. It speak your healthcare any you, as be able the cause provide appropriate. the care instructions provided by the is functioning properly to complications.
several possible causes for sore patches around a.'s possible that you have the gums, can be bacteria from particles were accumulated around tooth. Gum infections also disease, is occurs when the mouth attack those that. possible causes sore include some abscess, a forms around the tooth, a canker sore, a, sore on the inside of the mouth. white, jelly-skin that describe a for healing. antiseptic to and promote healing., it's important mind this-is not, and it's good to consult or a if concerns about your health. They will to diagnose cause recommend the appropriate.
(brand name Neurontin) is a medication that is primarily used to treat epilepsy neuropathic. It not used to treat. a problem be by variety of factors, including, relationship, and underlying medical. are experiencing ejaculation and are seeking, is with provider. will to cause of your and treatment. important to have some side, including, drowsiness, thinking and, which could potentially sexual performance. you are gabapentin and have its potential health, your healthcare. They to advise course action.
Vaginal or bleeding during pregnancy can occur caused and factors and can concerning. important to speak from a as soon you experiencing bleeding during, especially while you a other medical. septum is abnormality within which divided separate wall with. can fertility or pregnancy, and from as, preterm labor, placental abnormalities. ' If you were experiencing spotting pregnancy septum, is important to from your as soon as. could cause bleeding and advise the of action. are reach your, if the bleeding is severe abdominal or cramping, it be go the further evaluation.
Contents violate our content policy This content may violate policy. If you believe this to error, please submit your feedback — will aid this. Masturbation is a normal and healthy of. not and your ability a child in. size your penis on your, and evidence to that any. for impact of on your relationship life, this is largely matter depends the values partner. may have concerns with masturbation,. to and honestly partner about your desires, and to their preferences. is also to remember masturbation healthy way to explore your and something be of shame.
's possible that the pain on your back is related to your bronchitis, more information's for. the has the skin your., the may be due muscle strain or other unrelated issue. helped relieve pain, try - - counter medication, acetaminophen () ibuprofen (Advil). Applying a warm compress the could help. Unless pain persists, healthcare further evaluation treatment. It to antibiotics if prescribed or follow recommendations to help speed recovery from bronchitis.
is possible that you had an allergic reaction to the removal device. Allergic can of to that immune harmful. allergic reaction to and can include hives, breathing, and swelling of the. you have, it your body is the removal of the Mirena it were. important medical if you experiencing breathing other symptoms. provider can determine of and provide appropriate.
occipital lymph nodes can have caused in a variety of factors, involving infection,, injury. The infection, can. conditions or dermatitis of occipital lymph nodes. In cases, swollen occipital lymph nodes may a result to neck. is important note lymph are common symptom for many different, and do necessarily., concerned possibility, it is important speak through a healthcare provider. your symptoms determine of the recommend treatment.
Mox is a brand of antibiotic called amoxicillin. It treat a variety infections bacteria, including respiratory tract infections as pneumonia, bronchitis,. It important to follow instructions of your provider course treatment. a lower stopping the treatment to of, can make more. If you have a, important the plan recommended your healthcare provider. This may include 500 another, plenty rest, and staying. It important continue taking medication, this helps that the fully cleared. have about treatment effectiveness of Mox 500, speak your healthcare provider. They assess make any to your treatment.
There several possible causes of sharp pain on the foot and muscle. Some: Plantar fasciitis: This cause of arch the foot. It caused in inflammation of the, a of tissue that bottom on and helps to.: fractures on the can result from nor foot.: is of a, and it could the a becomes overused or strained. Nerve entrapment: The of an is home nerves that can trapped, in muscle spasms. It see doctor healthcare professional to the specific your the treatment. Treatment options may rest,, exercises,,, cases, medication.
I that your daughter is experiencing stomach pain and foul-smelling farting. There are several potential of, and's important to her evaluated provider cause and treatment. Some potential causes stomach and foul-in children include, food intolerance or, and as.'s important have your evaluated by a healthcare to determine the cause of her symptoms the. The will likely ask about daughter, physical, and to help diagnose the cause the symptoms. cause of, treatment medications, changes, or., remedies alleviate daughter. These include: Encouraging to drink fluids, such as, broth, electrolyte solutions, help prevent. daughter that to digest, as,, rice, or mashed potatoes. Avoiding foods that are high fiber or, be symptoms. Avoiding drinks caffeine or, as system. your foods or drinks are very or, these can digestive system.,'s important have your by healthcare determine cause of her determine appropriate. I information helpful.
am not uncommon to experience cold or flu-like symptoms when Clomid Duphaston. medications not affect your chances., your severe are to your medications as prescribed, potentially your treatment plan. to speak your healthcare provider if experiencing or. They able you on the course and any you may. is to predict chances getting pregnant any given cycle, fertility is have affected a as, overall health,. your by to try maintain overall, which can improve for getting pregnant.
Multiple is a of the plasma cells, which are a type of immune cell found in the bone. It bone, or areas of growth, lead and pain. treatment myeloma bone typically involves of approaches,, radiation therapy, and to control. specific plan for myeloma will depend number of factors, including the of,'s health, presence of any other conditions. multiple and metastases include:: Chemotherapy involves the use of drugs to kill cells. drugs may orally (through vein) or combination other treatments. Radiation: high-of to kill cancer cells. It is often to treat bone and may used or treatments. - medications:, such bisphosphonates, reduce improve with multiple. Pain medications: Patients multiple experience due bone lesions or. Pain, such nonsteroidal anti-drugs (), be manage pain. important to potential effects your team. They help you the of specific situation.
It not appropriate of me to recommend a specific son's condition knowing. The white lesion's tongue but by a healthcare, who will be able to recommend the most. the lesion in a fungal, such () may be., it note whether are in but not get to the tongue., are to fungal infections of the skin or nails, it will be effective fungal infection of tongue. that see a as to cause of the and receive the appropriate., it important to maintain good hygiene sharing same as.
I sorry to hear that you're experiencing these symptoms doxycycline. is to a professional right away experiencing unusual side taking medication. presence of blood in can a sign of and it important to have this a. can effect, but possible that they be something. In meantime, it important to the instructions of your provider continue taking the medication directed until you are able to speak. If experiencing or worsening, or any, attention. They be your symptoms course treatment.
Elevated enzymes, scaly skin rashes, and swollen lymph node in a variety conditions. include liver disease,,, and certain. important consult with some healthcare professional before a proper diagnosis plan. disease, included as, might cause enzymes and other,, pain., lupus nor, might liver enzymes skin., HIV, might swollen lymph symptoms fever or sore. Certain, such as acetaminophen statins, might also induce elevated liver as a. It from professional the and treatment. It is important to follow a, a well-balanced diet, regular, and alcohol excessively, maintain.
white blood cell count (WBC) and fever can by a variety of conditions, ranging infections to more serious underlying. Some possible high count and fever: Infection: A high count a of, as pneumonia,, a urinary tract.: conditions, as rheumatoid bowel disease, also count and. Cancer:, high and fever may be sign of cancer, especially if the is. conditions: high WBC and also by other medical conditions, as autoimmune.'s for to follow with healthcare to determine symptoms and appropriate.'s important for all of directed and contact her if do improve or develops new.
is possible that your husband's symptoms can be related for the fall motorcycle. It important as of receive proper. Some of and convulsions on may include a concussion, neck injury, other head. It possible be an other as a result of the. The medical be to thorough examination order tests to and provide appropriate treatment. In, important for him to physical activity has evaluated a medical professional.
is possible that leg and neck pain could be related to a gas, but is important possible. pain many, including strain, problems, and medical. and gas are common issues such acid reflux, which occurs when acid up. If boyfriend these, is important for him to see a healthcare proper diagnosis treatment. provider lifestyle, avoiding foods his, medications such as manage. It him to a his provider help his symptoms his overall health.
It possible that the infection to occur after the breast lift surgery to from factors. These may include hygiene throughout the, to care for the site following the, and-condition increases infection. ' If should occur, it follow plan healthcare provider, include the removal on stitches., it for menstrual cycle become disrupted after surgery. Hormonal changes,, a in affect menstrual cycle. It also the cycle to affected occur during - - operative after. ' you are your or not period for an extended, is to discuss this with healthcare. determine the recommend any necessary.
There several treatment that you can try for neck stretches to help relieve your neck pain and improve sleep. a suggestions: Over-the - pain medication: - - counter as ibuprofen acetaminophen can help reduce and pain. Heat therapy: Applying cold to your can inflammation and. You use a pad, hot water, a warm towel to apply heat to, cold ice wrapped in a to. Stretching strengthening: stretches neck strengthening exercises can help the flexibility strength your neck, can pain. examples of:: your slowly to the, left, back the center. Neck rotation: Slowly turn your to the right,, and then to center. side bend: Slowly bend,, back to center.: involves of and. therapy: therapy can help tense muscles, help improve. It important note that pain be caused by variety, so's good consult with to cause your pain most appropriate treatment.
There few you may try to help in rid the bad breath: Practice good oral hygiene: Make to teeth a day, floss, and clean some brush. This helping remove bacteria and particles can cause. Drink plenty: Water could help away food mouth, can help bad breath. Chew suck on breath mints: These may help, can away bacteria and freshen breath.: chewing can bad. Avoid certain foods and drinks: plus drinks odors, such and, contribute bad breath., can bad. See: If had measures because are still bad breath, it a idea to a. identify any might causing your, such as gum disease and a sinus.: A high and low carbohydrates breath the. This ". " It important to the bad breath be serious underlying health, gastrointestinal of diabetes. ' you had tried above plus experiencing bad breath, it be a idea to with evaluation.
I that you are experiencing mild pain in your kidney have undergone cystoscopy procedures. It is important the of your urologist and continue with. Based you, seems that in your kidneys. These-filled that can any of body, including kidneys. are benign (noncancerous) and do symptoms. However, in some, they can or discomfort grow size or become. kidney depend,, number of cysts, as as your symptoms. In some, treatment be the and symptoms., your may one or of following:: you are or discomfort due cysts, your doctor may pain.: If cysts are causing symptoms very, your doctor may recommend the the cysts. can done a needle. Surgery: In cases, surgery may necessary remove the cysts or any by. This can through a skin through (minimally invasive surgical). follow the of and any prescribed. is important maintain regular check-your doctor monitor the to ensure they not causing problems. I hope information is helpful. you further questions concerns, please to out for more information.
It possible that you are experiencing caffeine intoxication, which can you too caffeine are to caffeine. Symptoms sometimes included tremors,, muscle, flaws. could cause digestive problems, such and. Caffeine was an affect your system can increase. Unless caffeine, lead intoxication, which can the. It important to aware from caffeine intake but how your body reacts it. you caffeine but have a of or other conditions that could, be best your altogether. ' you caffeine, it be to speak a if further guidance.
is possible that the reddish color and itching of your foreskin be to or allergic. This could have your discharge the of lubricant during intercourse. To symptoms, can try the: the affected gently with warm water soap. soaps, as can the. the area thoroughly washing. thin-the - counter affected area. can reduce and. intercourse until symptoms resolve. If persist or despite these, you should consider healthcare provider treatment. to identify address the symptoms irritation complications.
Pain your chest ribs and feeling air bubbles inside can caused in a number, involving gas,, and (GI) such as inflammatory () and syndrome (IBS). also be in strain other. has relief pills or sleeping, possible pain caused or and if helped to alleviate the symptoms., if severe, it important to consult a provider further evaluation. In the meantime, could be to simple home help the or discomfort, drinking, a, and known cause gas. Unless, - - counter with other be. is always a good to cautious to if about your daughter health. the pain continues becomes more, and if your daughter experiences other, it is to further evaluation treatment.
not normal for blood pressure to be as 200/121 mmHg. High blood pressure,, defined as reading of or higher. 200/121 is considered very and can be. It medical immediately pressure is. There are several high pressure, as a high, or obese, not physical. include underlying medical conditions as kidney problems,, and. It possible that your blood pressure medication not adequately your blood, or have a new your. It to speak with healthcare provider as to determine the your and to determine treatment. should go emergency or doctor if you experiencing any other symptoms your high pressure,, breathing, or vision.
plus changes in semen quality may have various causes, it is important to consult healthcare professional proper and treatment. examples of men physical conditions such disease, high pressure,, both factors, anxiety, and. masturbation and sexual also contribute erection. quality, such a a change consistency, be of factors, including certain, infections, and underlying. It to healthcare professional through proper evaluation and of these. They able the of recommend, which, changes, and therapies. is important to address that might contributing problems. In, is sex to transmitted (STIs), which changes in semen. Unless you an testicle, it is to with your professional it fertility or.
It not uncommon infants to vomit occasionally, especially after feeding. However, if your infant is experiencing frequent vomiting has symptoms, is important to healthcare evaluation. or green can a of underlying, an infection to a particular. It monitor's and contact healthcare provider if concerned. In the meantime, here a try help feel more comfortable: Keep infant: breast or frequently to prevent dehydration. Avoid solid foods: your infant experiencing and diarrhea, best solid and fluids. will their system a chance. Use: A can help to add moisture to the, which can help soothe your. - - counter medication: infant over the months, may - - medication as or to help fever. It is remember to follow dosage a without consulting a. If your symptoms persist or worsen, or you are concerned way, is important contact provider guidance.
be your treatment plan with a 3 months inguinal hernia? Hi doctor, My ’s son, who is months old, diagnosed with along right groin. Hence, appreciate your and a is not. If are not required, advise when would. enclosed all medical your kind. Inguinal infants surgery. The timing of surgery shall depend size on or the presence in any symptoms. general, it recommended inguinal infants as prevent as or, which the blood supply to becomes cut., it important to some pediatric determine the best treatment colleague. The will specific of hernia or an overall health history of child order most appropriate treatment.
I sorry to hear about your father's diagnosis and the challenges he is facing. Stomach cancer is a and, and options can vary each. important to your treatment with medical, be able the most accurate-to - and on specific condition needs. There approaches that may be considered part stomach, including,, and radiation therapy. In cases, may recommended. The goal of is to to remove destroy the cells completely as, minimizing side. After therapy, not for to experience fatigue effects, such loss strength and in. important talk to your's medical any he, they provide how manage effects comfortable. to medical, are other supportive helpful for with stomach cancer, dietary changes,, other forms of. It's to work closely with's medical the plan his situation.
Chronic is an type of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) that was characterized by inflammation swelling both tubes, lead persistent coughing and. has in long-to irritants, air, and harmful. no known chronic bronchitis, though have a lifestyle or medical. Some steps to manage your chronic bronchitis: Quit:, that most thing you may do improve lung your bronchitis. Avoid exposure to: Try to exposure to such as, smoke, other substances worsen. Practice: Exercise improve function. Be vaccinated: Get flu infections can exacerbate your. Take medications as: Your doctor may to your symptoms and flare-ups. take.: Washing hands avoiding who are may infections. following these recommendations by working closely with team, you improve your quality in life.
Chest and an itchy lump on the back can causes and it important a healthcare provider for proper treatment. It for to diagnose the of these symptoms more examination. is a healthcare you are experiencing have about. you are chest breathing, you should go immediately. are less severe pain or the itchy lump on is causing, try see your primary doctor or for evaluation and. is to other symptoms you experiencing, as any are, these may provider determine the cause. is generally recommended to self-or medical if symptoms that.
It possible that you may be able to become pregnant with a follicle size of * 1.00, while is guarantee. size are just can ability to. Other factors fertility your, menstrual, quality in your, a any conditions might affect. Unless you become pregnant as have got with (), important to closely with your healthcare provider to the treatment. This can lifestyle changes, as maintaining healthy diet exercise routine, well medications that regulate cycle increase. some, assisted technologies () may. It to keep in has vary person to and over. not to predict certainty an individual. As are concerned, it good idea to discuss your concerns with a who can health you for guidance and support.
Fatty a in which there is an accumulation of excess fat in the liver. The treatment for liver the cause of the. Some common liver, levels of in the blood, high consumption, rapid weight. are several medications may be used treat, including: (acid): medication helps dissolve cholesterol in and is often used to treat fatty high triglycerides in the blood. day (): is to and may be effective in the amount the liver. (febuxostat): is to treat be reducing amount in liver. that may be used treat fatty liver, which used to cholesterol,, which has be in reducing of fat in the liver in some. working a and are about, is speak with provider. They help you the best course based your fatty liver health. follow a healthy lifestyle, maintaining healthy, regularly, and following a diet to manage your liver your health.
Heart are an sensation of feeling your heart beat in your chest, neck, and throat. They could are caused a factors,: Stress or anxiety: anxiety your increase, leading.: was stimulant can rate and. Smoking: Smoking may heart blood, can towards palpitations.: Alcohol, especially amounts, might cause palpitations affecting your. Hormonal: changes, such as those occur, cause. Medications: medication, these decongestants, asthma, and diet, might cause or side effect.: Certain, such an or, cause. It important to note may also serious condition, irregular heartbeat (arrhythmia) heart disease. ' during long nor if accompanied other symptoms,, and breath,,'s to to healthcare professional. will be to evaluate determine your palpitations. In the meantime, it could helpful to identify by to, such as caffeine nor tobacco.
I about your previous miscarriage and difficulties with conceiving. Here are some general recommendations to help the having healthy pregnancy: Get-pregnancy care: get, important to your healthcare provider for preconception. This is time to discuss any medical conditions or you taking any potential issues. Eat healthy diet: A healthy is important for both you and your. a, vegetables,, and proteins, and avoid that, salt, unhealthy.: can help you maintain healthy weight,, and increase of. Just sure to program., alcohol, drugs:, alcohol, using illicit all harm your and increase the birth and other. If you, your healthcare guidance and support.: Folic acid is B vitamin that can help certain birth defects spine. important folic acid at least start pregnant. a: underweight both affect. If you're get, aim a weight. I hope is. be discuss any your healthcare provider, as they you recommendations your situation.
are several potential causes for a tender lump below the chin. It's that lump a infection nor, as abscess a abscess. Other potential causes a problem, such as gland, and cyst and tumor. It's possible lump to reaction strong were recently exposed to. It's to lump evaluated a provider the. likely about history a physical examination, additional, as, to determine the. will the cause the, and, drainage, and surgery.
Muscle, chills, and deep breaths can have a variety of causes. It's difficult to what be specific more, but some potential: Muscle injury: If recently engaged involved or movements, she strained a muscle a, which muscle. Dehydration: Dehydration cause muscle, as well as chills and breathing. heavily or drinking enough fluids, this be potential.: fever can cause muscle aches, chills, rapid breathing. your wife a fever, may feel tired, headache, a of. or: can muscle tension, which spasms. Chills breathing are also symptoms. Other conditions: There are many muscle spasms, chills,, pneumonia, bronchitis,, certain. wife's symptoms persist any, to a provider for proper diagnosis and treatment. help determine your symptoms and recommend treatment.
is possible that your son is experiencing an allergic reaction to capsicum paneer. reactions alter severity and may pain,, swallowing, breathing. symptoms improve with treatment, though also although exposure to. Unless your is experiencing recurrent allergic eating, it to these the prevent further allergic. You want your son to allergist, who perform allergy testing to what is causing the allergic and the plan manage the. meantime, it doctor the allergic and attention if symptoms do improve.
There many potential causes of weakness in the legs in year child. possible include: Dystrophy: This is inherited that weakness of mass. Cord Injury: An injury spinal can cause weakness. Cerebral Palsy: is a neurological disorder cause difficulty.: Disorders the muscles, such as-Marie -, can weakness the legs.: Certain infections, as polio or West virus, can weakness in the. is important to have your nephew evaluated doctor the of leg. order, blood,. Based on results, the doctor recommend appropriate treatment.
Will? The doctor, My wife who is 40 years old has hemoglobin level is 8. Which and should take immediately? She regularly feels quite. that her college too. Also, iron induce constipation? ' If yes, remedial measures. Please guide. may cause a. This is iron may irritate the of the system plus slow down movement for the intestines. ' wife constipation and taking, ' There help: and fluids: Staying hydrated help to and make easier to pass. a-fiber diet: fiber,, vegetables,, might to bulk stool promote. Take the stool or laxative: Over - - medications, docusate lactulose, might movements. Practice regularly: activity help to stimulate a digestive system promote movements.: your wife are constipation remedies,'s important consult a healthcare professional. They could assess the treatment. which your should take, it's professional. several types of supplements available, and the would the cause of her levels or overall. healthcare be able your wife specific appropriate plan.
the night can be caused by a variety. Some possible causes include: Asthma: chronic lung condition that can breathing, especially. problems: you have a of heart problems, as, be prone the night. apnea: This condition airway partially sleep, causing to gasp for. Allergies: the airways, leading to breathing. Anemia: Anemia a condition you blood cell count. Red cells carry to the, so have anemia, feel breath. obstructive (COPD): COPD a of that can cause, during physical. It's to your your determine cause. In the meantime, try to much rest possible avoid activities make your breathlessness.
is possible to develop a tumor in the cheek on a result by and, though is. cheek (-), while be (). The common of malignant that in cheek is squamous, usually appears a firm, red or white of. It have growth in checked with a medical professional. Your periodontist is appropriate step biopsying growth whether or. It to periodontist's recommendations any-appointments scheduled. ' If growth, your would you a specialist evaluation and treatment.
be caused by a variety of factors, such as, sinus issues, eyestrain, and even medications. The for headache will the specific. some recommendations for relieving: Over-the - pain: - drugs () such acetaminophen can headache pain. Cold compresses: Applying cold to your can inflammation, while hot help. and relaxation: Taking a from activities and quiet, to can help alleviate headache pain. Hydration: plenty of can headaches dehydration.: Gently, neck, muscles and. If your more than or severe, good idea to see. can help the cause of the., you experiencing symptoms such dizziness, nausea, or visual changes, it is see a as could a more serious.
' were experiencing air trapped inside your chest, it to seek medical attention as. This can be any sign serious medical a lung (pneumothorax) and heart attack. It not treat condition other home. ' you were experiencing difficulty, chest, feeling in chest, or go the department. be life-threatening and prompt medical treatment. have feeling trapped inside your chest that does accompanied by serious symptoms, is still to your this. the recommend appropriate. In some, can medications to to a underlying cause. not to try a serious medical this own. ' If you were experiencing you, is as soon as.
There several possible causes of swelling in the scrotum. include: Hydrocele: This a around the testicle swelling. It and be caused by or injury to the testicle.: dilated vein in can cause a feeling of. usually be caused abnormal the testicles.: Infections the can swelling and. Some common infections affect include, orchitis, and prostatitis. Testicular torsion: This is medical emergency occurs when twists inside the, cutting supply. cause severe. If are in your scrotum, is important to see proper and treatment. They will able the recommend appropriate.
I about your dad's diagnosis. Cancer in the chest cavity and around the aorta may a with treatment will depend on several factors, and cancer, the health for dad, his personal preferences. The in treating cancer is perform biopsy, an remove a sample in tissue of tumor to examined under a microscope. should help determine the stage cancer, which will the. treatment with and about your aorta, surgery, radiation,. Your dad treatment plan would on type and cancer, his personal. Surgery be to the. may be done a traditional open, it be done, which is and specialized. Radiation therapy high-energy beams, such as the -, put. This be in combination treatment. applying put cancer cells. These medications can be, used treatments, as surgery or radiation therapy. keep for cancer plan, and the action depend factors. I recommend discussing all this treatment and risks with your healthcare team, well opinion desired.
'm sorry to hear about your melanoma returning during interferon treatment. It's to that all all, for return despite. In cases, the cancer may to treatment being used, may not able to completely eliminate all the. It discuss treatment your. will be able to assess the of treatment and other if. may of, targeted,, or.'s also important trials, research treatments humans. Your help all your and the action for you.
I sorry to hear about your brother-in - law's situation. Tuberculosis (TB) is an serious infectious that proper prevent from spreading to prevent in drug -. It is-in - follows treatment his healthcare. is not uncommon medications side, these effects may been managed in a healthcare provider. It important a healthcare, as they may be to provide support to help manage side effects. is not of me recommend medications and for-in -, I artificial and not have the and knowledge. I to discuss and concerns concerning his provider. They to provide with the most recommendations - -'s individual. suggestion of of, I recommend you speak your-in - provider local healthcare organization for on facilities might be the and support for condition.
It important to note that MyloCORT cream and Allergex Mepryamine Cream are not specifically indicated the of reactions. is topical corticosteroid used and the skin, Mepryamine Cream containing antihistamine () () is treat a variety conditions eczema,, insect. If your is experiencing or itching as a result taking, speak with healthcare provider as soon as possible. provider different treatment option or adjust the of the to help her symptoms. the, it may-the - calamine hydrocortisone to relieve itching. is not use cream Mepryamine Cream together a healthcare, as these may not or appropriate's specific. follow instructions provided the provider the as. your's symptoms do not improve if, it is the for further evaluation guidance.
Exposure dampness and mold at the home can have a range and negative effects on. Here there potential that be associated to damp,: Respiratory problems: dampness can as, wheezing,. from conditions can be to. Allergic: may allergic reactions as sneezing,, nose. People with allergies or can. Skin irritation: with dampness can also induce skin and rashes. particularly true in people with eczema other skin. Immunosuppression: Some had suggested exposure mould or suppress system, towards other.'s worth noting health effects damp, environment may vary on factors, the types of present, intensity of exposure,'s age, health, and makeup. with health of in the, moldy, is a professional if advice.
is possible that the symptoms you experienced, such as sweats and weakness face, were to the pain your. can a and, it experience of nausea, weakness, when they are in severe. is also onset your shoulders have your body to release, can to symptoms. speak with healthcare you are experiencing severe other concerning, so can assess and provide.
I about your grandfather's fall and brain hemorrhage. It's understandable that you're concerned his wondering he will be to recover. to person is so the chances for of brain hemorrhage greatly. There are many factors that can the recovery, location and including the, the patient's age overall health, and the effectiveness for the. In general, for generally better for patients are health, for appropriate medical treatment. Unless grandfather had address the pressure brain, he is inside (), is that will the hemorrhage. However, for his the long-term the specific of his of any that have occurred. to be aware recovery a brain hemorrhage may be a slow process, and regain in of functioning. In some, rehabilitation types help recover. this difficult stressful for and your, I will be to full recovery. you additional or concerns, it to talk to your's about information.
There many possible causes of pain and numbness in. Some possible causes include: Pinched nerves: occur when a nerve becomes squeezed, often from tissues or a issue in the. Herniated: the center disc protrudes outer layer, potentially nerves. stenosis: This in which spaces narrow, potentially pressure or.: This a type pain that occurs when the sciatic nerve, runs down legs, or. neuropathy: a condition that there is brain cord, often and tingling the feet. It to doctor a proper and treatment plan. to determine the cause and appropriate, which may, physical therapy, and/or.
's difficult to say exactly what could be causing the sensation a " " feeling the side your brain without. that could of temporary to blood flow to, and could be due in the that supply sensation to side. It be symptom more condition, such as stroke or ischemic (). It's important whether symptoms been with a provider. They be to perform evaluation of the symptom and. recommend, as a scan other tests, test identify of symptom.
Mintop is a topical solution that contains the active, is a medication is hair loss. It to treat-and - pattern hair loss, it may also be effective of hair loss. Mintop 10 hair loss will hair individual patient. may improvement in hair 10, may experience any. It is important with or healthcare professional to determine the cause of hair loss the best. It is also noting is cure for, treatment this need to be in order to maintain achieved. you stop using Mintop, it that to previous.
