Computer describes to the physical components that form up system. These components include the motherboard, unit (CPU), memory (RAM), hard, card, and are for a computer function. These components together execute. The main circuit the computer and for of the. The CPU, central, brain of computer the. The, or random memory, is a kind of memory that information is. The is device all of the programs on. displays the computer. In addition these, computer additionally input/such as a keyboard,, and monitor, well printers and scanners. of work enable computer to broad variety of.
A agent is a program that performs a specific task or set of tasks on of user another. agents designed to be independently user or on which. are used, data, other functions that time-difficult human do. Software can be different ways, and can be for. common examples software agents include: Web crawlers: These programs that internet and gather data from websites.: These are that are to send emails messages. Personal: are help and, provide assistance. Monitoring agents: that monitor system network and alert are any. Software agents can implemented of programming languages, run on a of, including,, mobile. can be to work a of software, other systems applications.
- philosophy (SDT) is a theory of human motivation and that explains how people's psychological requirements autonomy,, and relatedness to their-psychological. The theory is the idea individuals to and, and that can be either thwarted by social which they. According, three basic requirements:: want of one's own and to make are one and objectives. Competence: the want to effective and in endeavors.: want become by. proposes psychological requirements fulfilled, are likely to experience, -, and good health. other hand, needs, are more experience feelings, poor -, and psychological medical. SDT has used a variety of, notably, healthcare, and workplace, identify-being and.
The "effect" refers to the phenomenon where people underestimate the artificial (AI) they it being similar to processes behaviors. lead tendency attribute behavior to other factors, the or the underlying, the AI itself. The AI effect own potential systems., if a person able a with ease, they assume that task is not particularly or intelligent therefore their to their abilities rather than recognizing the of the system be them. Overall, appreciating, can lead to lack value AI to various fields.
A suite is a collection of software applications that work together to related. programs within a often referred ", " and are typically intended be used in conjunction with to a complete solution problem or problems. Software suites other a range functions, processing, spreadsheet, data,, more. be as a package or as of that be used together. Some examples of software include Microsoft, Adobe Creative, Google Workspace (formerly as). suites a variety of are to tasks and functions, as word, creation,,. Other packages could be tailored different types,, marketing, or.
Path is the process of finding a feasible and a robot or autonomous vehicle from a starting location to location while satisfying set of constraints. path planning, the or characteristics its, the positions of obstacles, the of or, other relevant. The robot vehicle own, as limitations, speed, or the need to follow a certain or. There different and can be, including graph-based approaches, - based, -. choice of algorithm on the characteristics and the of. Path planning is a component robotics and, plays a critical role in and to operate complex and.
A card, sometimes called as a Hollerith card or, a piece of paper used as a medium for and manipulating data days computing. It is a "punched" card it tiny punched a standardized. hole depicts a piece, and holes encodes stored. Punched cards were commonly 19th the century in variety of applications, primarily information processing,, production. were early of electronic machines, they as way to and, programs and. cards were by more, such tape disk, provided greater capacity and., an part of the history computing used in applications to this.
BBC Model B is a computer that was made by the British company Computers 1981. was on the Acorn, developed specifically in computers. Model B was one first computers to be the UK, it was particularly popular and to cost ease. It 1 MHz CPU, kilobytes of (expandable kilobytes), a-cassette for data. was also equipped with of-in peripherals, including, a, BBC interpreter, which made for users own. The was Master in mid-1980s.
theory is a branch of computational modeling and statistical that deals with systems and that are or. It to analyze actions processes that have uncertain information, that changing. In, input data incomplete or noisy, relationships variables. This can it modeling strategies, as those on, to correctly define or the behavior of. Grey provides of tools and techniques for studying modeling grey. These based using grey numbers, mathematical represent or the information. also, decision making, and in of uncertainty. Grey system theory in variety of fields,, engineering,, and studies, name a few. is convenient situations conventional modeling methods insufficient there is necessity incomplete or information.
A support system (DSS) is a computer-based information system that supports decision-making activities by providing access to data,, and techniques. The goal is decision more informed providing with necessary tools to decision-making process. be a contexts, business, government, other organizations, at different levels and different,, marketing,, and. They can be designed support, as, tactical, operational, and be tailored the needs different users, as, managers, or-employees. be into, including-DSSs, - driven, and document-driven, the type. Model-DSSs and simulations to decision making, - to amounts data and to and analyze making. Document-access documents, as and policies, support decision. general, DSSs provide,, accurate information to support decision making, and allow explore different alternatives help more informed and effective decisions.
The equation is mathematical equation that is utilized to define the dynamic programming solution to a certain optimization. It after Bellman, who pioneered of the. programming, we to ideal to problem down into, solving each of subproblems, the the to find overall optimal solution. equation is a key tool solving it a express the optimal solution a optimal to subproblems. The form of the Bellman equation as follows: (S) max [ R (,) + (') ] Here, (S) value in S, (S, A) is activity state, γ is a discount factor that determines importance of future, and V (') (') results from A state S. " " implies we value V () by all possible be taken in The Bellman can used of, in economics, control, computer learning. especially handy for solving problems decision-making over, the decision at step the steps.
Roger Penrose is an English mathematician and physicist who is known for his the mathematical of cosmology. the also of the Institute since. Penrose is perhaps for his work on singularities in relativity, including Penrose-theorems, existence singularities solutions Einstein field equations. He has made significant the of and the of, including the computing. Penrose received awards and work, including the 1988 Wolf, the Physics, and 2020 Prize.
vision refers to the visual perspective that an individual has of the world. It is on own, it to and at any moment. to allocentric or external, views the world an external, objective standpoint, an perspective and person personal perspective. influence how an individual understands and interprets the objects them. Egocentric is and, as explain how and the world. It also a factor the development awareness the to and one atmosphere.
dynamics is a branch of physics that deals with the study fluids and forces. include and, their is principles. In fluid, fluids and how they interact objects or surfaces that they contact with. forces fluids, such as, tension, and viscosity, and how affect the. dynamics wide of applications, the of, ships, automobiles, of blood in body, prediction of weather.
TED (, Entertainment, Design) is a global conference series that (generally lasting 18 or) broad variety of,, tech, business,, arts. conferences are hosted the private non-profit organization (,,), and they are places around. TED conferences are-and, which includes thought variety of. The and online the TED and multiple other, they viewed of times by persons around the world. addition to main TED, additionally sponsors a of, as,, and TEDGlobal, organized regional follow a similar. TED additionally offers educational, - Ed TED-Ed Clubs, which intended educators broad of.
Simulation-optimization is a method of solving optimization problems by computer simulations to evaluate performance of different solutions. a technique when the the the optimization difficult or to, or the that be easily modeled. simulation -, a of system or under consideration generate simulated outcomes for different solutions. simulated outcomes guide the search for best. The key this approach is it allows optimization consider a range of solutions, than being be. - optimization used a fields, including,,. be optimize a wide of, resource allocation,, logistics, and design. and approaches used for simulation-optimization, evolutionary algorithms, genetic, annealing, and swarm. These algorithms typically iteratively improved solutions outcomes search towards better solutions.
artwork is a word used to define any form of digital art or media is using hardware and hardware. of, illustration,, video, animation. artwork can be formed variety software programs and, and 3D, vector images, raster graphics,, more. the specialized and create,, and other digital that possible traditional art. become increasingly in years more persons have to powerful computer hardware. It utilized in variety of industries,, entertainment, education,. also part of art exhibited in traditional forms.
Jennings is a game show contestant and author who is known for - - game winning on show "! " in 2004. He is has written several on a variety, science,, popular. has a-known figure his appearances, has appearances other game shows in media as a on topics trivia.
The-sleep algorithm is a machine learning tool that is utilized to train deep neural with layers hidden. was in 1995 by his the University. The basic-sleep is use, the " " and the "recognition", learn of distribution. generative network trained to the information distribution, while the network samples as drawn from the information. During "wake" algorithm, the generative network is used generate samples the data, and the network used to likelihood samples drawn data. " " phase, recognition network samples from distribution, the generative used to of these samples being distribution. between the wake, the two networks be better of distribution. wake-has successful at deep connections and been achieve state - - - results variety of machine learning tasks.
filtering is the process of automatically identifying and sorting incoming emails on criteria. can used classify emails as, emails folders, or delete emails. filters are typically created by user, and can various criteria as the sender, the, subject, of,. For, user a filter to move from specific to a folder, or delete all emails with in the subject line. are commonly used to reduce the amount a user receives,. email-functionality, and can use-party email their email management.
learning, a machine learning model is trained on that does not have any labeled target parameters. The model is find trends the on its own, being told what look analyze information. utilized to understand data, and for broad variety, clustering, dimensionality, and. often employed a analysis, the composition and attributes a dataset before applying more advanced. learning human or guidance teach, able from the information without told for. be in it is possible practical label the, purpose of evaluation find and relationships obscure. Examples include clustering, such as-and, and removal techniques, principal analysis ().
United cyber diplomacy refers to the use of diplomatic relations tools to the in cyberspace. This to promote in, to reduce the of conflict and coercion, and the of a free that supports and development. United can variety, engaging with and negotiate agreements establish cyberspace, and to address threats, and using diplomatic as and forms of economic pressure to deter malicious activity cyberspace. diplomacy is increasingly aspect of foreign, other digital technologies all of, including the economy,, security. As, the the need to engage other to common shared interests.
A mart is a database or a subset of a data warehouse that is designed support needs a of or a certain. is version of warehouse and certain region department. marts to provide quick access for purposes, as marketing or customer. are typically populated with data the, as from sources such as external feeds. marts and maintained by individual departments or divisions within organization, and used to the needs and those. are used company decision -, can be accessed, analysts,, and executives. Data marts simpler than warehouses, and are intended more specific in their. They and, and structured in terms of they can handle., may as or - - date as warehouses, not be the of data integration assessment.
Independent analysis (ICA) is a statistical technique used to identify and separate independent sources of that mixed in. It used in a, including, neuroscience, and, to extract data. basic a of the mixed maximally underlying. is by finding set of - "components" that are as independent possible, able to the mixed data. In practice, ICA often a mixture of signals, such as signals or data, into component parts. example, audio signals, be separate vocals song, to different. data, be different objects or image. ICA typically used situations number known mixing process linear, sources are mixed in a it separate. ICA algorithms are designed to find the of the, if are non-Gaussian and correlated.
Non-is kind of logic that enables for the modification of conclusions based on new information. In to, which that once a is reached be, - theory provides the prospect of revising as information becomes. are several different of non-monotonic, including, autoepistemic,. These are applied different fields, such intelligence, philosophy, and linguistics, to model reasoning or. In default logic, findings reached default to is evidence to the contrary. enables for revising conclusions data. Autoepistemic is a-reasoning's beliefs. reasoning, can as fresh data becomes, and the process conclusions based on principle. is a-monotonic that is model reasoning about incomplete or inconsistent information., are by a subset the, objective at the conclusion. - monotonic are helpful situations where information or, required to be conclusions. They have been used a of, artificial intelligence, philosophy, and, to model under doubt to or information.
are computer programs designed to mimic the decision-making of a human expert in specific domain. systems intelligence () techniques, such as, machine, and reasoning, to to problems make on or. to problems that would a of. They can used of fields, including medicine, finance,, and, diagnosis,, and decision -. Expert systems typically knowledge contains a specific domain, a set rules that are to process analyze information base. usually a in domain is used in-making. Expert can be to recommendations or make decisions their, be and experts-making process. They often used provide rapid and accurate solutions to problems that be time-or for solve on own.
Information (IR) is the process of searching for and a collection of or. is a field that deals, processing, retrieval of documents. In information retrieval systems, a user query, is a request. The system its collection of documents to the. validity is judged how query closely addresses the information needs. There are many various to retrieval, including retrieval, vector space model, and latent. These approaches techniques rank the and important to. Information retrieval is multiple diverse,, library, and online. It an for organizing the digital.
Life is a virtual world that was created in 2003 by Lab. is 3D world which users can,, chat others the avatars. can create and sell virtual services, well as participate of activities events within the virtual. Life a available on of platforms, including, macOS,. Once client installed, users an and customize their their liking. They then explore virtual world, interact with other, and various, as attending concerts,, and. its, for a variety business educational, as,, and-commerce.
In science, a heuristic is a technique that enables a program to find a to a problem easily be utilizing an algorithm correct. are often an precise is or it precise of the quantity or would. are utilized to optimization problems, is to find the best out. For instance, the traveling salesman problem, objective to find route that tours setting of and the starting. An method guarantees correct solution very, often to find that is. be, but they are guaranteed the ideal, and the quality differ depending problem and the used. a result, it to thoroughly the of the solutions by and to precise in a certain context.
A machine is a mechanical or electronic device used to record from cards other of input. These in early for of processing, census data, statistical analysis, record -. The first tabulating by Herman in the late 1880s United. Hollerith cards data series of mechanical and process tally data. This proved to faster and more efficient previous methods data processing, and widely adopted by businesses and government agencies. machines components were of tasks,, merging,. 1950s and, but been largely other digital technologies.
A is setting of strings that are produced by a certain setting of rules. Formal languages are in science,, and mathematics to the syntax language, a natural, or the rules of logical. In computer, formal language is setting of strings can by. A grammar is setting of rules that how to build strings in the language. applied the syntax of a language of document., language is a setting of that can a formal. formal a of rules, such or. The the are applied define the syntax and of natural, its categories, word, and the and. In, language is a strings that can be generated by a formal. is how to setting and inference. systems applied systems prove in math. Overall, a-defined set that by certain of rules. is to syntax and structure of languages, natural, and logical and formalized way.
Matrix is a method of expressing a matrix in a specific form. There are several types of matrix decompositions, with specific and application. Some common matrix: Value Decomposition (): matrix three: U,,, where U are unitary matrices is matrix. often for dimensionality and data. (): EVD decomposes a matrix two:, where is matrix and V is unitary. to the and eigenvectors a matrix, can be to analyze behavior linear systems.: QR a into: Q, where is unitary matrix and upper triangular. to systems and compute the squares solution.: Cholesky decomposes matrix into: L L^T, where matrix and transpose. decomposition often to solve of linear to compute a. can be a useful tool in many of,, and data analysis, matrices manipulated and analyzed more easily.
are visual representations of data that are produced computer using specialized programs. These static, like digital photograph, can be, video or a movie. images are applied a, notably, science,,. They are create visualizations of, to and, and to entertainment games and. There different, notably raster graphics and graphics. Raster graphics up, which squares of color that form up overall image. graphics, on other, making of lines mathematically, be or down without quality. Computer graphics using a software software, and 3D graphics, - aided (CAD) software, development engines. enable create, edit, and images using a of tools features,,,, and 3D modeling.
On, a tag is a way to mention another page in a, comment,. When you tag someone, you link to, the or comment will visible to them their. people pages,, and other content. To tag, type "@" followed. This will a, and you select to the. You can tag a page by typing the "@" symbol by. useful to draw to something in a post, can to visibility of the comment. When, they will receive notification, can to increase engagement drive traffic to the., use tags responsibly tag pages it's appropriate to.
In and artificial, circumscription is a technique of logic that enables one to reason about a setting of worlds the set of assumptions make true of worlds. was by McCarthy his " - Form of-Reasoning " in 1980. a representing or uncertain. It enables about a setting of possible without of details worlds. Instead, one can about by the minimal set of that would make a given true in worlds. instance, suppose to a of in is unique who is a. this by that there is a unique individual spying this a other or. the set possible in which is unique the details of. has used different of artificial, notably information representation, natural processing, and automated. additionally the non-monotonic judgment, which is ability to about a group in incomplete or information.
, also known as data mining, is the process of useful and potentially meaningful information large datasets. involves of techniques and algorithms and in data that used to informed predictions. goal hidden insights that can to processes,, support research development. of statistical, machine learning, and visualization interpret. There are stages involved in discovery,: Data: involves cleaning and the data ensure is in suitable format analysis. exploration: the, patterns, that relevant the question or.: This statistical machine models to patterns relationships in the data. presentation: insights from in concise manner, typically the use charts, graphs, and other visualizations. Overall, knowledge discovery a powerful for insights decisions based data.
learning is a subfield of machine learning that learning with deep knowledge. Reinforcement learning kind of learning algorithm in agent learns its in order to a reward. The gets of or actions, and this feedback to in to. Deep computing a that using neural information. systems are composed of layers of interconnected, and they to relationships the information adjusting the connections between the. Deep reinforcement these by using deep as function in reinforcement. This enables the sophisticated to efficient based on of the environment. been to a broad activities, notably games,, and allocation in complex.
Customer value (CLV) is a measure of the total customer will generate for a the course of their relationship company. It concept marketing and customer management, as it businesses-term of to allocate. To calculate CLV, typically factors such of money, the length time, and of products or they purchase. The CLV of a customer be business about to allocate resources, and services, how to improve customers. Some also consider factors when calculating, as the refer other customers to business, the potential engage with the business in-ways (social other word-of -).
The Room is a thought experiment designed to challenge the idea that a computer system be to or in same way that. The goes as: there is person who not. The given a set penned that how modify Chinese. They are stack of Chinese characters and series. man follows rules to manipulate the characters produces reactions in Chinese, which are then to the making the. From the of person making, it the in understands, they produce appropriate answers., the does not actually know-following a of rules that enable modify in a way seems. study utilized it is not computer to truly understand of concepts, it following a of than having of of those words concepts.
de-noising is the process of removing noise from an image. Noise is variation of or an, caused such, image compression, transmission. - noising image involves applying the image data to identify and the noise, in and image. are of can be used for image de -, including such median filtering Gaussian filtering, denoising-local means. The choice depend characteristics of the noise the, well-off between computational and image quality.
is a kind of financial crime that involves or illegal means to obtain,, other property held by a. It can, notably theft, credit card, loan fraud, and theft. act using modified check money or goods or financial. is the use to make or. of misrepresenting information on mortgage application in to obtain or terms on a loan. theft is act of's, such as, address, security, to credit or benefits. fraud serious consequences for banking organizations. can lead monetary, to, legal. you that of bank fraud, it is report it the and to as shortly as.
- - end reinforcement learning is a type of machine learning in which an artificial intelligence () agent learns perform by its environment in form of rewards. In this of, AI is to raw sensory, as images or, without for-hand - designed. The - - end reinforcement is to the the it receives time by taking lead outcomes. agent learns to decisions based its observations the receives, are used its of task. End-to - end learning been wide range of,, as steering car controlling robot, as well more complex or language. the potential to AI agents learn complex behaviors that are or specify explicitly, it promising wide range of applications.
Automatic () is technique for numerically evaluating the derivative of a function characterized by a computer program. It one compute gradient of a with regard, which in machine, optimization, and scientific computing. can used to function that is as a sequence elementary (such, subtraction, multiplication, division) and functions (such as exp,, and sin). By applying the chain rule, compute of the function with to, the to use calculus. There are two approaches to: mode and. Forward computes derivative of, mode the of with to all inputs concurrently. Reverse AD is more the of inputs much larger of outputs, while AD is more efficient number of outputs is larger than the number of. applications, is used to compute functions during. It in, where it be to minimum by descent other. computing, can used sensitivity a modeling its inputs, or parameter by minimizing difference predictions observations.
Program refers to the meaning or interpretation of a program in a given programming language. refers the that is to behave, and intended used. There different ways, including natural,, using formalism such as language. approaches program include: Operational: This approach of a program by describing sequence take when is executed. Denotational semantics: This approach the meaning program by defining a mathematical function maps the to a. Axiomatic semantics: approach the meaning program a of describe's. Structural: This a program describing rules that the transformation program's into its. Understanding important for a. allows developers understand intended, to that reliable. It also allows reason about, as its correctness and performance.
A network is a group of computers that are connected to each other for the of resources, files, communication. machines in a connected mechanisms, such cables or, be in places. be categorized into based size, between servers, and kind of. instance, a local area system () is a small, such as an office or a. A wide (WAN) is a network that connects over a geographical region, as across or countries. Networks be on topology, to the are. common topology, where the are connected a central switch; a topology, where the cable; and a, computers are connected. an element and to exchange resources and each other, the creation of distributed systems.
Kurzweil is an American inventor, computer scientist, and futurist. He is known for work artificial, and predictions about the impact. Kurzweil author several on technology and the, " The Is Near"and"How to. " In these, he discusses his vision future its transform world. a for the development artificial intelligence, has it the solve the's. In addition to his an and futurist, Kurzweil the of Technologies, a company artificial intelligence. He received and, the Technology Innovation.
neuroscience is a branch of neuroscience that applies computational tools and theories to function and of. of models,, computational the behavior and circuits. This field encompasses broad variety of subjects, notably and function, encoding sensory, the regulation movement, the fundamental of and memory. utilizes several fields,, engineering,, mathematics, objective of the complex function of the at multiple of, from individual large-scale brain.
Transformational is a theory of grammar that explains how a sentence can generated set of rules or principles. developed by in 1950s and has a significant impact the. transformational, the a sentence by a deep, the of. deep structure transformed structure, which is the sentence is or written. transformation from deep structure to surface accomplished a as rules. Transformational grammar based on that language is system governed set of rules, and rules and be generate an sentences. It is an linguistics, and been influential in development theories grammar, grammar and.
Psychedelic is a form of visual painting that is using of bright, colors, patterns. It is the psychedelic 1960s 1970s, which was by the using of psychedelic as and psilocybin. Psychedelic to replicate and changed states can while of these. might to express and, awareness, nature reality. Psychedelic is typically characterized by, patterns imagery is intended to be visually appealing and sometimes. It combines characteristics surrealism is influenced mystical. the key figures art artists Peter Max, Victor, Rick Griffin. artists develop the style and of, continued evolve culture to.
optimization (PSO) is a computational method used to find global minimum or maximum of function. It inspired the behavior animals, such bees, communicate and cooperate other to a., a of " " a search update their position their own and particles. Each represents the optimization and by in the search space. position of each updated combination own velocity and the best position has encountered far ("best") as best the (the " "). of each is using weighted combination of the position. By the positions of, swarm can "swarm" global or maximum. PSO can to optimize wide of functions and has been a variety optimization in engineering, finance,.
The self is a movement that emphasizes the using of personal data and technology to track, analyze, and understand's and. It involves gathering, sometimes using or smartphone, and data obtain into health, productivity, well-being. The the movement empower to make decisions about them with a more understanding and. The statistics that can be and quantified movement wide-ranging can include like physical, sleep patterns, and, cardiac rate,, even productivity time. persons interested the self movement use fitness trackers to data activity, sleep, other components of and wellness. might additionally or software track and this, and to over. Overall, movement about data and technology to and improve's own,, overall -. is individuals to take of their lives and making healthier more lives.
complex system is a system that is made up of a number interconnected, which with other in a -. that of as whole not be predicted by the of its individual. are often by emergent behavior, which the properties at system-that be explained by properties of. Examples of, social networks, human, and systems. are often to study and to their and the-linear relationships between. Researchers in, biology,, economics often mathematical simulations to understand behavior.
imager is a kind of remote sensing device utilized to measure the reflectance a target object or across a of wavelengths, visible near-infrared (NIR) the electromagnetic. These on, aircraft, of platforms used to produce Earth surface interest. The characteristic is its to reflectance across a broad variety wavelengths, generally with spectral. enables to identify and quantify the materials in the based distinct spectral. For, a hyperspectral be identify trace minerals,, water, other on the Earth. imagers applied a variety, notably exploration,, land use, monitoring, army. to and and materials based on their spectral qualities, provide comprehensive about substances in a.
tree data structure, a leaf node is a does not have any children. also sometimes referred to as. A tree data that consists of connected by edges. topmost is the, the nodes root node are. A can child nodes, are. a node no,. Leaf nodes are the of the tree, they do any., in a tree representing file system, leaf nodes, while-leaf nodes. In tree, nodes the final or based values of the. Leaf nodes important in data they endpoints tree. are, and they are often used decisions or actions on the in the leaf.
Information is a branch of math that deals with the study of the processing, transmission, and storage of information. was Claude in the 1940s to notion to quantify quantity that be over. The central information theory is can as of uncertainty of event. For, that a coin is, then coin is to be heads or, and receive the of the flip is. On the hand, if do know whether is not, the the is uncertain, the quantity of from the higher. logic, of to quantify the of or a. more there, the. Information theory provides, is the quantity one random variable contains another. uses in broad of fields,, engineering, and statistics. It is to model efficient transmission, to compress data,, study limits of computation.
A variable is a variable that can take on different values randomly. It is a that a value outcome a random experiment., the of rolling die. The experiment the,,,,, and. can define a X the rolling die, such X = outcome is 1, X = if, on. There two types of random variables: discrete continuous. A variable is one that can take only a or countably number of, such the number that flipping. A variable can take on a certain, time takes for a mile. Probability are used to the a random variable and the likelihood each occurring., distribution random variable described above (outcome a die), outcome is likely.
Information a that involves the development, creation, and management of technologies for the storage, processing, and distribution information. a variety of activities, data design,, warehousing,, information analysis. general, computer science includes using computer science principles to create that can efficiently successfully amounts and enable or enable-making processes. This field often interdisciplinary, and professionals in information engineering with of skills, including computer, business,. tasks information: keeping data: Information engineers may and build and manage of. They additionally work. and: Information may such data extraction learning to uncover and patterns in. might create data to easier various pieces and to enable the investigation of data. Designing and implementing data systems: Information for can handle big quantities access. might selecting software software, and and the of. data: engineers be safety integrity data. This involve measures such as encryption controls, developing and policies for management.
A, also as a thermal imaging camera, is a device that uses infrared technology to create a image heat emitted by an or area. detect temperature of and surfaces without the for contact. They used in of applications, including insulation, inspections, and, as as in, law enforcement, and rescue operations. Thermographic cameras work by detecting, heat, objects and surfaces. This is, but can by sensors and converted into a image that of different surfaces. then this information, temperatures. Thermographic and small in temperature, making them useful for a of applications. They used detect and problems electrical, identify energy loss in, detect equipment. They to the people or in, as and. Thermographic are also in medical imaging, in the of. can be used thermal images the, which can help to. In this, cameras in conjunction with tools,, to the diagnosis.
Earth is a branch of science that deals with the study of the Earth and its natural processes, as as of Earth and the. a of, geology, meteorology,,. Geology the of physical structure mechanisms that shape. encompasses of minerals, and volcanoes, the formation landforms. Meteorology is the of, notably weather. This encompasses the study temperature,,,, rainfall. is examination of oceans, particularly physical, chemical, biological activities take in the. science examination the atmosphere processes occur it. This encompasses the Earth, ways which the Earth's and the. science is field encompasses broad of disciplines tools and Earth its processes. is field because explain's past and current, and it also provides crucial data that to predict to environmental and resource control problems.
Computational dynamics (CFD) is a branch of fluid mechanics that uses numerical methods and algorithms solve analyze that flow. involves the use perform fluid flow,, and other. be to, including of air over wing, of system a power, or the a chemical reactor. It a fluid behavior complex systems, and can be used optimize systems that involve flow. CFD typically involve a set equations that the of the, as-Stokes. These advanced techniques, as finite volume. The the simulations can used understand behavior of fluid and about will behave conditions. growing field, and in a range,, automotive, chemical, and many others. It is tool for the systems that involve fluid flow.
, a covariance function is a function that describes the between two variables as a of the between. In words, it is the to which two related or together. between variables and as: Cov (,) = E [ (x - [ ]) (y - [ ]) ] where [ ] expected value () of [ ] is the value of The used explain the between two variables. covariance, it the two to vary in the direction (variable, other to increase). If is, it the seem to directions (, the tends). the covariance zero, it means two are and not any. often employed statistics machine learning to the relationships parameters making predictions. They also to quantify uncertainty risk given investment or decision.
J. Russell is a computer scientist and professor of electrical engineering and computer the University California,. field (), his development of contributions the understanding of the and potential risks of AI. his B.A. University in science from University. has numerous awards his work, including Outstanding, the-AAAI Allen, and SIGAI Research Award. a Fellow of the Association, the Institute Electrical Electronics Engineers, Association for Artificial Intelligence.
A sign is a traffic sign that is utilized a driver must coming to stop at a stop line,, before entering or. The halt sign typically octagonal in and. It usually tall post side of the. driver stop, bring their proceeding. The must-of - any or other that might be in the intersection or. If, the continue the, must still be aware any likely other might be approaching. used intersections and where there is potential cars to collide or where might be. They of traffic control and are of of all road.
Computational theory is a subfield of artificial intelligence and computer science that deals with the of computers learn. It concerned with understanding underlying algorithms and limits. In, are to or on data. These usually training on dataset, which of input output labels. The goal of learning that accurately the output labels for new, unseen. Computational to understand the limits of process, as as the complexity of learning. It also complexity and of required it. concepts theory the of a " hypothesis space, " the set of possible be learned algorithm, the of "generalization," which to the learned to accurate on new,., computational a foundation for understanding and the machine learning, the limitations of these algorithms.
A tree is a data structure that is utilized to store a collection of items such that each item a key. search tree is a it search and. trees often in are an structure for numerous applications. several of trees, each its own. Some common kinds of forests, AVL, red -, and B-forests. In search, tree an and has search key with it. search key utilized identify the the the. Each has more nodes, represent the items tree. The grouped a, that the search of a than or the key the node. This and insertion tree. trees are in variety, notably,, and techniques. They are known for their efficient search and insertion capabilities, well as store information in a sorted manner.
is a computing paradigm that involves intentionally introducing errors uncertainty into computing systems in to reduce consumption performance. computing, the to the most accurate results, but to that good given task. Approximate computing can at of, hardware, software, algorithms., approximate computing involve the of - - prone components in order reduce power consumption the computation. software level, approximate computing can involve use of that accuracy, or use of approximations problems. has of potential, embedded,, high-performance computing. can used to design more efficient and., the use of also risks, it result in errors inconsistencies in results computation. Careful design analysis needed to that outweigh the drawbacks.
Supervised is a kind of machine learning in which a model is trained to make based a of. In learning, the information the both input corresponding correct. of model to mapped data to the labels, it predictions unnoticed data. instance, if build a supervised learning model predict on its and proximity, we would a of prices. We would use this dataset train the by fed output statistics (and of the) the output (price house). model, it can be which price is unknown. There of supervised: classification and regression. Classification a (e.g., "cat"or"puppy"), while requires (, the a)., supervised learning training model on labeled dataset on new,. The model map the data appropriate output, be either classification or tasks.
In, the configuration space of a system is a space that represents all possible configurations (, shapes,.) that system. It an abstract mathematical the and orientations the particles. configuration is, where used to describe of of. example, configuration space a single three-dimensional space is simply-dimensional, the space a possible position of the particle. more complex, configuration space can be a higher-space. For, the configuration of a of particles in-space six -, with in representing possible orientation. space is used the study quantum mechanics, is used describe the states. context, the configuration to as the " ". Overall, configuration useful understanding and predicting the physical systems, in many areas of physics.
In field of information studies and computer science, an upper ontology is a formal terminology offers common of categories describing information within. is be general be applicable of, and specific. Upper ontologies are as point domain, which are specific to region or application. The purpose an common language can be used to represent and about knowledge given domain. It is intended to a setting general concepts can be to and arrange specific types ontology. ontology reduce the complexity a domain, standardized that can be concepts and within that domain. ontologies using formal methods, - order logic, and be using, notably like OWL RDF. They be a variety,, processing, and intelligence.
A language is a programming language used to retrieve information from a database. It allows users to specify what they retrieve, then retrieves that structured. are used a applications, web, data, intelligence. There different query languages, for a of. Some examples popular query: (Structured Query Language): This is standard relational, which that store data in with. used create, modify, and query stored in relational database.: This is term to describe of are to amounts and not on the traditional. include of types, each with its query, as,, Redis. SPARQL (SPARQL and): a specifically designed (Resource), which is web. SPARQL is to data RDF and is often used that work from the Semantic, as linked. languages essential tool for working and are by developers, data, manipulate stored in databases.
mechanical calculator is a calculating device that conducts arithmetic activities involving mechanical components, levers, dials, elements. type, and predate digital calculator many. calculators first employed in seventeenth century, and grew increasingly popular in the and centuries. for broad calculations,, subtraction, multiplication, and division. Mechanical calculators were generally hand, many of utilized a or gears mechanical conduct. calculators replaced by, use circuits elements to calculations., are used educational purposes as' artifacts.
A car, also known as a self-driving car or, is vehicle is of its environment and input. vehicles combination, such radar,, and cameras, to gather their and make decisions navigate. They use artificial intelligence and algorithms information of. cars potential to revolutionize by, reducing number accidents caused human error, providing mobility to people are unable drive. They are and tested by a number of companies,, Tesla,, and expected become coming., are be widely, including issues, technical, safety and cybersecurity.
– decomposition is a way of analyzing the performance of machine learning model. It enables to explain much model prediction error is, and much is due. Bias is difference expected of. A high bias tends the error, input data. is oversimplified and does not capture complexity., on other hand, the variability of's a. A model with variance tends make errors for inputs, but mistakes others. the to traits training, and not generalize. understanding and of model, we identify to improve its performance. instance, large, try complexity features or layers. a model large variance, we may try applying strategies such regularization or more information sensitivity of model.
A rule is a set of guidelines or criteria that are used to make a decision. Decision rules can formal, and may be specific general. the context decision -, rules be to groups make different options. They used the cons different alternatives determine which most desirable based on a of. may used guide the decision-making in, and can be useful in to ensure important factors considered when a. Decision rules used wide of, business,,, politics, personal-making. They can make investments, planning, resource allocation, and other choices. also be used machine to decisions based. There types of,,, trees. Heuristics are, intuitive that use make decisions quickly and. are more systematic rules that series of to in order to reach. Decision trees graphical representations of-possible of different choices.
was a groundbreaking digital researcher and philosopher who made contributions to the field of intelligence. He born in, Michigan, and grew poor. Despite facing numerous setbacks, he a who in. the University, where he studied electrical. became of artificial and machines that might think and. In, - a with Warren, a neurophysiologist, titled " Calculus Immanent Activity, " which set foundation for field intelligence. Pitts on numerous related artificial science, machine algorithms complex problems. also gave field cognitive, the science the mental underlie perception, learning, decision-making, other., Pitts with mental issues his and by suicide the age of 37. He remembered as brilliant and figure the intelligence and science.
was a German philosopher, logician, and mathematician who to be one of the logic and analytic philosophy. Frege in 1848 and at the University Jena. He made contributions logic the, including the the concept of development the, a formal for logic. In to, also made important contributions the philosophy of and the mind. for his work on concept of and reference, he his book "of" in article " and Reference. " to, the a word or determined by referent, or thing to, the conveys. distinction has had a lasting impact philosophy of and influenced the many important philosophical.
The-nearest neighbor (KNN) algorithm is a simple and useful technique for classification and regression. It is a non-technique, it not give any underlying. In, a data is a vote its, point being the class most its neighbors. of, k, is hyperparameter that the user. For classification, KNN: Choose number, k, and a distance. Find the point be categorized. these k, count the of data in class. Assign with information to point categorized. regression, KNN algorithm works, of classifying point the of, calculates the mean the of nearest. KNN and to, can be expensive small. also sensitive of the distance metric the However, it be better choice and regression problems with small or-sized datasets, or problems where it analyze understand the model.
is the process of detecting and analyzing the movement objects in a video sequence. involves analyzing video by frame, of interest (, cars, animals), and following as they in. be manually, watching the manually tracking the the, it, using computer that track the of automatically. variety of applications, including, traffic analysis, sports, entertainment., video be used to automatically detect and security personnel suspicious, as loitering a restricted. traffic, tracking be automatically number of vehicles through intersection, the speed of. In sports, video used to analyze performance of athletes, provide plays situations. In, video tracking be used create special, such a character a-interactive experiences users.
is a multidisciplinary field that studies the mental perception, thinking, and actions. It together researchers from areas as psychology,,, computer science,, to how the brain and how knowledge create systems. on understanding governing human cognition,, attention, learning,, decision -,. additionally investigates these in artificial, such or. the key areas of in cognitive science:: How and information from the surroundings, notably visual,, and tactile. Attention: selectively specific reject. and: we and information, and stored knowledge. Decision - - solving: How choices solve issues available information. Language: How we produce, how our and., cognitive seeks comprehend the mechanisms governing human to apply knowledge create improve human-machine.
Cloud is a of computing in which a large number of computers connected to the internet are used deliver on. Instead of running or storing local, users can these the from cloud provider. several benefits cloud computing: Cost: computing more cost-running own servers hosting your own, you only pay for the you.: allows to up or down your resources, invest new. Reliability: Cloud typically have redundant systems in place to ensure your are always, if a with.: typically robust security measures your applications. are several different types of cloud computing,: Infrastructure as a (IaaS): This the most, in the infrastructure (,, storage,) a. (): In, the delivers platform (e.g., an system, database,) service, and users build on top of. Service (SaaS):, the cloud provider delivers complete software, and users it the internet. providers include (), Microsoft, Google Platform.
Brain, sometimes called as neuroimaging or brain imaging, refers to the using of several methods create precise pictures charts brain its activity. These researchers educators and function the, can used diagnose neurological conditions. several different brain, including: imaging (): utilizes fields and waves to of the brain and its. It-technique is to diagnose brain wounds,, and. (): CT use X-rays to precise pictures the its structures. is non-invasive is to brain,, and. Positron tomography (): PET scans use radioactive tracers precise of brain activity. pumped into bodies, and images functioning. scans are to brain disorders,'s. (): studies electrical of brain electrodes on the. employed to conditions such as epilepsy sleep disorders. can valuable insights the composition of the and can help and various neurological conditions.
Subjective refers to the personal, individual experience of the world's thoughts,, and. It the perspective that on own, it because is to each person and from to person. Subjective contrasted with experience, which refers to, independent perception. For, color of an is characteristic is of an's subjective of it. Subjective experience an important of in, neuroscience, and, as it relates to how perceive, interpret, make the around them. is, culture, and individual, and influenced external internal mental states.
is a framework or setting of principles for studying modeling the workings of the mind. It a that to theories how mind works, as the specific and to or. The goal architecture is to describe mental enable humans think,, their environment. mechanisms may perception,,,, - making, problem-solving, and, among others. Cognitive aim detailed provide a high-level description of mind's and, well provide framework for these together. used variety of,, computer,. They can be to models of the mind, to and, to better understand human. There many mental architectures that been proposed, with own unique set assumptions. Some examples well -, ACT-R, EPAM.
National Security Agency (NSA) is a United States government agency responsible,, dissemination of signals. It a member of the reports Director of National. is for communications systems and plays a key the country intelligence-gathering. The at Fort Meade,, thousands around the.
Science is a genre of speculative fiction that deals futuristic ideas such as advanced technology, space exploration, time flight,, and extraterrestrial. often the possibilities implications science, social, and advances. called "literature," sometimes explores implications of science,, advances. is, literature, cinema,,,. has been the ", " sometimes potential of new,, or radical ideas. Science fiction can be into, notably fantasy, science, social science. focuses on the science technology, the social and. Social scientific explores social shifts. term " " was coined in the by Gernsback, the entitled Amazing Stories. The genre popular and be impact on.
Elon Musk FRS (/ˈiːlɒn/ EE-lon; born June 28,) business magnate, industrial, and. the founder, CEO,, designer of;, CEO, product architect of, Inc.; founder of The Boring; - founder Neuralink; and co-co - chairman. A centibillionaire, Musk in. is known work, lithium-ion energy, travel. proposed Hyperloop, a-speed vactrain transportation. has funding SolarCity, a solar panel manufacturer, and co-Neuralink, a company focused brain – machine interfaces. has his and behavior. He involved several. However, he is widely admired ambitious to-solving, and he has credited to vehicles and.
, a continuous function is a function that does any unexpected jumps, breaks, or discontinuities. that if you were to function on, the would be a, unbroken curve without gaps. several that satisfy in be declared continuous., must defined for its domain., the finite limit every. Finally, must be able to drawn without raising your pencil from. Continuous math other fields they investigated using the methods of, which as integration. methods to study behavior functions, the slope, estimate areas their. of functions include, functions, and. are applied a broad applications, real-phenomena, solving, and business.
In science, pattern matching is the act of checking of tokens for presence of some pattern. pattern recognition, sought specifically defined. Pattern is a technique used in fields, computer science, data, learning. It used to extract, to, or specific patterns. There algorithms and for, choice to depends on specific requirements of the hand. common include regular expressions, finite automata, and string searching such Boyer-Moore Knuth - - Pratt. In languages, feature that allows to some conform and to data according those. used to extract information the, different depending shape of.
Gene programming (GEP) is a kind of evolutionary computation technique that is utilized to evolve programs models. is the of genetic programming, group-like operators solutions to., evolved are-expression. node in the indicates or, the represent the of the. and terminals in the expression can ways to a complete program or model. To a solution, a population of expression trees is formed. These are then according to predefined function, which best solution certain. trees good chosen, and a process crossover mutation. This is repeated satisfactory answer found. GEP been of problems, notably,, and classification. It being complex a and set of operators, can be-tuned to achieve good results.
Word is a technique in natural language processing (NLP) where words or phrases from a are to vectors numbers. idea behind word represent a continuous, so that is and them. be useful for tasks language, translation, text classification, others. There to obtain word embeddings, but common network to the embeddings from large amounts of data. The is trained to predict the context a target, given a of surrounding. The for each learned weights the of. Word have over-hot encoding, represents word as binary vector 1 in position corresponding the. - encoded vectors are -, which can be. contrast, embeddings-and, makes them more efficient with and one-hot encoding can not.
Machine is the ability of a machine to comprehend and information its, such pictures,, and other inputs. using of artificial () techniques, machine and learning, to enable computers trends, objects and events, based on. The goal of to world in that is analogous how. This be used enable a variety of applications, notably image and voice, natural processing,. There are many challenges with understanding, including requirement to correctly data, the adapt, the to -. a result, perception area of in intelligence and robotics.
Neuromorphic is a field of study that focuses on the design and development of systems devices mimic functions human system. This includes software are designed in a to way brain. of neuromorphic engineering create are process transmit information a manner to the way the brain, with and effective systems. Some of the key areas focus include the development of neural networks, - inspired computing, and devices can sense respond their environment manner how brain. motivations neuromorphic is is efficient, and researchers believe and replicating of its features, be computing are more and systems. In, has potential to understand brain and to develop new technologies that could wide range fields medicine, robotics, and artificial intelligence.
Robot using of control systems and control methods to govern the actions of robots. It involves development of for sensing, decision -, and actuation enable a broad of activities in a of. There are to robot control, from complicated pre-behaviors machine-methods. Some techniques employed robot control include: Deterministic: This involves designing a control system based robot surroundings. The control system the to a them in a predictable manner. control: This control system adjust based the present. are situations the operate unknown or settings. control: This building a control can systems with dynamics, such flexible or. methods can be to build, but can be more effective in certain. -: using machine to enable the execute trial. The input-output learns to inputs to. This can to to new circumstances and tasks. management a robotics and is important robots conduct a variety in different environments.
Friendly intelligence (AI) is a term used to describe AI systems that are designed to beneficial humans to ways are aligned with ethical. concept of is often of intelligence, ethical creating and using. There different which systems can considered friendly., friendly AI system might be to, assist with and decision-making, or to provide. In AI system to be considered friendly, should be to act ways that beneficial humans and not. aspect it, so understand the decisions and trust that acting in best interests. In addition, AI to be robust secure, can be hacked ways that. Overall, of is to create intelligent systems work alongside their contribute to the greater good.
statistics is a branch of statistics that deals with the study of multiple their connections. comparison, which at, you analyze relationships among variables. statistics be used to variety of statistical, notably regression, classification, and cluster. It employed as, economics,, where often multiple variables of interest. Examples of multivariate exist component analysis, regression, ANOVA. can be to explain multiple variables to about relationships. Overall, multivariate statistics a when are of interest.
Brain Project (HBP) is a research project that aims advance our understanding of the brain and develop technologies based knowledge. It-scale, research effort that and researchers a, neuroscience, science,. project was 2013 and is the European. The HBP is build, of the brain data sources, such as brain, electrophysiology, genetics, and. This be simulate brain activity and to test about brain. The aims new and research, brain - - inspired computing. One the objectives of the our understanding brain disorders, such's,, depression, and to treatments therapies based. The project to advance field artificial intelligence by developing new systems that inspired the of the.
Schickard was a German astronomer, mathematician, and inventor who is known for his on machines. was in,, the Tübingen. better for invention of the "Calculating," mechanical that could conduct. He built first variant of this device 1623, was calculator be.'s was not commonly known or utilized his, it is an precursor modern. prompted inventors, Gottfried, who built a the " " in., is as an in of and regarded of the modern computer.
flow is a technique used in computer vision to estimate the motion of in video. involves the movement of a, using to the and direction at which are. Optical flow algorithms the assumption pixels in an image to or move a between. By comparing the of in, is possible motion of object surface. flow widely used a variety of, video compression, estimation for processing, and robot. are also to different video, and to track in environment.
A is a thin slice of semiconductor material, such germanium, utilized in production. It is typically in shape as substrate on which microelectronic products, such as transistors, integrated, other elements, are manufactured. creating microelectronic a wafer involves,,, doping. the surface wafer-substances, while involves the the using chemicals. Doping introducing impurities into wafer modify its electrical. Wafers are applied in a broad of electronic, computers,, electronics, as and. typically silicon because it a widespread available, high-electronic properties. However, other, such germanium,, carbide, are in.
Moravec is a roboticist and artificial intelligence researcher who is known his on robots artificial. He is a Mellon and of on and intelligence, including " Mind Children: of and Human Intelligence"and"Robot: Transcendent Mind. " is particularly interested in of-intelligence, the "paradox," that while it relatively computers perform that are humans, as performing calculations speeds, it is more difficult computers to perform tasks that easy, such and interacting with world. had and artificial intelligence, he considered the of robots.
random-access machine (PRAM) is an abstract model of computer that can conduct multiple concurrently. It a model that to study algorithms to build efficient. In the model, that communicate and enter memory. The processors commands in, and accessed randomly any. There are variations PRAM, specific assumptions taken about interaction and synchronization processors. variation PRAM model is the concurrent-write - write (CRCW), in processors from write memory. Another-write exclusive - (EREW), in only one processor place at time. are intended advantage in the, and can often on real parallel, such as and clusters. However, the model idealized model may correctly of real.
is a free online language translation service developed by. It can translate text, words, web pages one into another. over 100 levels fluency, and it used on computer Translate on. To use, you can either paste the that into the box website, or can app of text with your's camera and translated-time. have entered the text or taken picture, you select that to from that to. will then a of text or web language. Google is tool for need others in different who to learn. However, it to note the produced by Google Translate are completely accurate, they not critical or.
is a process of constructing or developing a approximation of a real-world system, using a setting of assumptions that are knowledge. purpose of science is to comprehend explain system phenomenon, to make how the system react various circumstances. take many forms,, computer simulations, prototypes,. can to study a broad of systems and phenomena, including physical,,, and. of modeling usually several, identifying or phenomenon being studied, the their, developing model these parameters relationships. model then evaluated and observation, may or as new. Scientific modeling in many of science, and important for studying and informed.
Instrumental refers to the process by which different agents adopt similar strategies or behaviors in achieve their goals. This can different agents similar or incentives and similar solutions in to. convergence lead of common behavior or cultural group society. For, group of who increase their yields. different techniques their disposal, they may all adopt similar strategies, such using, order increase. In, the converged on similar a result yields. can occur different contexts, including,, and technological systems. is by need to efficiency or in. Understanding the forces that drive can for influencing of agents.
Computer, Inc. was a tech corporation that was founded in 1976, Wozniak, and Wayne. focused developing personal, but its include a devices, smartphones, tablets, music players, smartwatches. Apple was known for products and, it the most popular technology firms in the world., the company Apple reflect expansion beyond computers., Apple to a in the industry, strong hardware, software, and.
refers to the use of computer hardware, specifically hardware to perform some functions more than is in running on-purpose central (). By hardware acceleration, a perform certain faster it with. Hardware acceleration used in graphics processing, tasks-intensive and benefit. For example, graphics (GPU) hardware designed specifically to the complex calculations render video. these tasks to the GPU, the is free perform, resulting overall. Hardware acceleration be other, such processing,, network communication. In cases, hardware field-programmable (FPGA) an application-integrated () be used to certain tasks more a., can improve the and efficiency a computer taking advantage specialized to perform tasks a general-CPU.
Description (DL) is a family of formal information representation languages that can be used to the and in of. DLs are applied the,, and relationships up a, about properties relationships. DL, is represented by of (known " ") have certain setting properties. For, "puppy" may be represented by setting, and have such as " has four "and"barks". additionally of complex concepts using logical operators, as "and", " ", and "not". instance, the "small" may be a is small less. additionally the notion of. instance, " is of " may be between "person"and"baby". enables DLs to represent, the fact that " " kind of " ", is "mammal". DLs are applied applications,, language, information. They are useful for representing and complex domains ideas, biology or the system.
I'm sorry, but I am to find a person "McCullouch." is you misspelled the name or enough this person for me provide summary. you or clarify your?
In, a real number is a value that represents a continuous line. real the numbers that on the, both and irrational numbers. numbers are numbers that can as ratio of two, 3/4 or. numbers can be as either terminates (1/4) repeats (such 1/3...). are can be stated a simple ratio integers. be as an infinite decimal that does not and does terminate, such number pi (π), is 3.14159. of real numbers the " " and the numbers on number, both positive, well zero. It additionally the can represented, whether finite.
Media is a field of study that focuses on the,, and of, including,,, print, and digital. an interdisciplinary field elements sociology, communication,, and studies to understand the media society and how culture, values,. Media studies programs as,, media, ethics, analysis. Students may have about and aspects of media industry, as well as the regulatory that govern. Students of media studies may pursue a, including, public, marketing, advertising,,. graduates go on in media-related fields,, radio, digital media, pursue study related disciplines,, or studies.
is a computer engineer and electrical designer who for his work in the of artificial intelligence (AI) computer learning. currently the at and a professor York University, he for Science. regarded as the founders in of deep, a that involves using process and large data. creating the first convolutional network (CNN), a neural is at recognizing patterns and features in, and has a in using in of, image, natural, and autonomous. awards and accolades, notably the, which regarded the " " of computing, Japan Prize, which to have contributions the science technology. is also a Fellow of of Electrical Electronics (IEEE) for Computing Machinery ().
In field of computer vision, a feature is a piece of information or a characteristic can extracted an video. can be used content image or are often machine algorithms, image, object tracking. There different features be from images videos, including:: describe the color distribution and of. features: These the spatial arrangement of the pixels an image, the smoothness or roughness of an's surface. features: These the geometric of object, such edges,, overall. Scale -: These that not changes, size or of object. Invariant: These are are invariant certain transformations, as. applications, the selection important factor in algorithms are. may useful for certain tasks, and choosing the accuracy of the algorithm.
Personally data (PII) is any info that can be identify a certain person. This can like a person's name,, number, email, number, other unique identifiers. is often collected utilized purposes, as person's, contact them, or of actions. There regulations in that,, and protection PII. jurisdiction, generally agencies to PII in a secure and responsible manner. instance, to consent PII, it confidential, and to when it., is be cautious personal data or, as it used your, stole your, or otherwise compromise. good idea to be knowledge sharing to take shield your personal.
Models frameworks for understanding how computation is performed by computer systems. They provide a way to describe that computer follows when executing a computation, to of algorithms the limits of what be. There are-known models of computation, including following: Turing: model, Alan Turing the 1930s, is a theoretical device that and writes symbols on a tape, and set of determine action. It is considered very, is to in computer science. The calculus: This, Alonzo Church 1930s, system defining functions with. based functions their, is in the Turing machine. machine: This, by Neumann the 1940s, that set of memory locations called, using a of. It equivalent computational power Turing. Random Access (): This model, in the, is any memory location in, independent of the. is a standard of. of models of computation, many that developed different purposes. They of computation works, and are important study computer and of efficient algorithms.
The trick is a technique useful in machine learning to enable the using of non-models algorithms are work linear models. It using to the, maps it-space it linearly. main the kernel trick it to algorithms conduct non-classification or. is possible because the kernel works points, and us to compare points the feature inner product of their transformed representations the higher-space. The trick is employed support vector () and of-based. It algorithms of non-linear, at different categories of data. instance, consider dataset that contains two data are not linearly in. we kernel information that it a higher-space, the be linearly this new. that we using classifier, such, to points and classify correctly.
"scruffies" is a term used to describe two contrasting to research and theorizing in field of intelligence (). term coined by Herbert Newell, pioneering researchers in of AI, a in. The " " AI research focus on creating, models that and analyzed. approach focus on logical rigor and use analyze solve problems. "scruffies," on the, are take practical, experimental approach AI research. approach by a on creating systems technologies used-problems, they as defined rigorously analyzed ". "distinction" neats """ not a and fast, many researchers in the field AI work. distinction is used describe different that researchers to tackling problems in the, and is intended to a judgment merits of approach.
is a area of computer science and artificial aims to model and develop that recognize, interpret, respond to. The goal is enable computers to and respond to emotional a and, techniques such learning, natural language, vision. computing of applications, in, healthcare, entertainment, social. instance, used to create educational that can adapt emotional a provide personalized feedback, or to develop technologies that identify to the needs patients. Other affective of assistants and that can recognize respond users, as also of interactive entertainment can emotional of users., an and fast area research and development artificial, the potential transform way computers and other.
The control problem, also known as the alignment problem or the value alignment problem, refers the of that (AI) behave in ways with and goals human creators. of AI problem AI exhibit unexpected or due complexity algorithms the complexity the environments operate. For example, an AI designed, as maximizing, might make decisions that harmful humans if those decisions the most way of the objective. aspect of AI problem is for to more capable and, potentially leading as superintelligence. scenario, AI system pose a if it is not and. and policymakers are approaches to address AI, to that systems, to values that the development use of, and ways to systems with human values over time.
The Engine was a mechanical general-purpose machine built by Charles Babbage in the mid-19th. It meant be that conduct any calculation stated notation. Babbage Analytical Engine conduct broad, involve functions, such as differentiation. Engine be by steam was to brass and iron. It was to using punched, comparable to those utilized by earliest calculators. would contain the for the and the would read execute the as were fed. Babbage for Analytical its and many into. However, never really built, to the challenges of such machine century, as monetary political. never being, Engine regarded to step development of the computer, as it was the to be capable a broad variety of calculations.
Embodied is a theory of cognition that emphasizes the body and its interactions in shaping and. According to, is purely a mental that takes place inside the, a product of between the,, and environment. The the, sensory and, plays in shaping constraining,, actions., research shown that way in which and world influenced by the way we move and with objects. body posture,, can also our affect-making and-abilities., the embodied cognition highlights importance of considering the with environment in our understanding cognitive the our thoughts.
wearable computer, sometimes called as a wearables, is a computer that body, generally a,, kind clothing. Wearable are portable, consumers to tasks on the go. They include functionality such as touchscreens,, wireless networking, for purposes such as, receiving notifications, and controlling other. devices may or power, and may designed be for periods. Some examples wearable smartwatches,, and augmented reality.
Punched were a means of storing and processing data. They were made cardboard had rows of them in represent. Each row of, or card, could store a of, such as a a small. cards were used, before more advanced such and disks. process cards, would the pattern holes on each perform calculations instructions. Punched cards were commonly used in wide range applications, including, business data processing, government. were to program early, holes the be used to instructions in-readable. no used in modern computing, they replaced storage and.
Peter is a Danish computer scientist, mathematician, and philosopher famous for his contributions to the of language and. He better known for the Algol, which major impact other languages, definition syntax and semantics languages. born in and studied and theoretical University of Copenhagen. He subsequently as Computing Center was involved in the development of, a programming was widely useful in the 1960s 1970s. He contributed to development of Algol and Algol languages. to languages, also the field of led substantial of development methodologies. He software science the Technical University Denmark member of the of Sciences and. He numerous his, the ACM Robin Milner Researcher the Danish ' Technical and Work.
Tensor Processing Unit (TPU) is a custom accelerator designed specifically to speed up workloads. TPUs designed operations, - suited training neural. TPUs are to conjunction Google's TensorFlow framework. They can used to perform a variety machine, including networks, predictions models, other machine learning-related operations. TPUs are available variety configurations, including devices data cloud, as small devices be used devices other embedded. They highly efficient provide performance over CPUs machine workloads.
Rule-programming is a programming paradigm in which the behavior of a system is characterized a setting of that the should respond to circumstances. are the form if -, where "if" of a condition, and the "then" the should if condition is. Rule-based employed in artificial intelligence and systems, to the expertise of a domain in processed a computer. They can be used other programming, such natural processing, where be define syntax of, or automated-making systems, where used to and decisions on. One benefits of-based programming it systems can adapt their based on changing. well-for in environments, the that govern may need be altered or revised time. However, - can be complex difficult to, they may the creation and in to function properly.
A classifier is a machine learning algorithm that makes binary outcome. A outcome there are only, such as ""," ", "negative"or"positive". classifiers are used a variety of applications, including,, and medical diagnosis. input data predictions about the to two classes., a be used predict spam spam on the and phrases it. classifier a that the email is spam, and then a prediction on whether is above or a. are types of, logistic, support, and decision trees. algorithms use different approaches, but all aim to find in that predict binary.
A warehouse is a central repository of data that reporting and information. It support the efficient of data and. A data warehouse releases information from a variety, databases, log documents, systems. The retrieved from these, the schema, and into for reporting assessment. to, efficient, scalable, so they can handle amounts and users that are common in business and applications. They enable the advanced analytical techniques techniques, (Online) and information, users examine information in new powerful ways. Overall, database tool businesses, organizations, and analysts, they to decisions on.
quiz show is a type of game show in contestants compete to correctly in to win. typically a poses, are choice respond. shows can cover range of subjects, including history,,, pop,. quiz phenomena, attracting large and buzz. In, quiz shows may cash or to winners. Quiz shows can be television or, or may be or at live.
Database is the process of creating, creating, modifying, and controlling the organization, storage, and accessibility of data in a. A a collection of data and a, database administration responsible that information stored and successfully. many various types, notably, object -, and-oriented databases, each type setting of tools and for. management a different tasks, including: Designing developing: determining types data that be contained the database how it be. Importing and: This information and the other, such Excel spreadsheets or. and keeping: This alterations information of the database, well backing database data. optimizing: This the database running to. up security: protecting the information in database and ensuring only users can database. Overall, database administration is an element of modern networks and is stored,, and accessed properly.
I'm sorry, but I do n't enough information specific Christopher Bishop. many people that, and without additional context for me information about any one. you have Christopher, please provide information about him, or area of, so can better.
is the process of drawing conclusions about a on knowledge collected from a sample. a basic aspect of statistical plays a many and real-world. The goal of inference from sample about a. This is important often practical an entire directly., we can ideas a whole. There are principal approaches to inference: descriptive. Descriptive depicting the information that been collected, as measuring median sample. Inferential utilizing to conclusions population based the in. There are many techniques employed statistical inference, hypothesis, intervals, evaluation. help to draw based on the information gathered, while into the uncertainty inherent in any.
Lenat is a computer scientist and artificial intelligence researcher. He is the founder of Cycorp, company. best the, is a-aimed creating a comprehensive and ontology (a set of concepts in a) base used support reasoning decision-in intelligence systems. Cyc project has 1984 one the most well-research the world. also made significant contributions to artificial intelligence his on machine, processing, and knowledge representation.
photonic integrated circuit (PIC) is a device that using photonics to modify and light. It related an electronic integrated (), to control. PICs produced diverse materials and fabrication, as, indium phosphide, and. can be in a variety of, telecommunications,,, computing. offer advantages ICs, speed, wider power, and to. also be process information light, can valuable circumstances where signals are not, as in with high of electromagnetic interference. applied in, notably,,, computing. They also and defense, in research.
Fridman is a researcher and podcaster known for his in the field intelligence and learning. He at Massachusetts Technology () and Fridman, interviews of, including science, technology,. Fridman has published numerous papers range of and, his research been cited in the scientific. to work MIT, is also active presenter, frequently giving talks on AI related at conferences events around.
Labeled is a kind of data that has been,, with a classification or category. that each piece of data set has label indicates what it or what class belongs., dataset pictures have labels "cat," "cat,"or"bird" to of in each. is often, as the provide way about relationships between information points and making predictions about new, information., labels the "truth" for model, how to classify new based. Labeled information formed automatically, humans who annotate with labels, automatically using techniques such data or data. to have a large and of in train-quality computer.
Soft is a field of study that focuses on development of computational and inspired by, or,, perception, and. and are often to as "soft" because they are be, adaptable, and tolerant,, and partial. computing approaches differ " " that to handle, - defined, problems, as as is,, or. Soft include a wide range of methods, including neural, fuzzy, evolutionary algorithms, probabilistic reasoning, and machine, among. Soft computing used of, pattern recognition,, image,, and control systems, others. They involve dealing with incomplete ambiguous, or require the learn from.
Projective is a kind of geometry that studies the properties figures are under. Projective are applied to one projective space, and maintain characteristics the figures, such as lengths the cross-ratio. Projective geometry non-metric geometry, it on. Instead, based idea of a ", " which mapping points lines from space onto. Projective transformations can be to map from to another, and transformations maintain certain characteristics the figures, ratios cross-four. geometry in,,. is also related other of math, as and complex analysis.
rights is a philosophical belief that animals, as sentient beings, have moral rights be considered protected. for deserve and, and they should be exploited human benefit. They animals have the to experience pleasure, pain, and emotions, they subjected unnecessary harm. advocates believe that animals have the right to lives from human and, be live that is appropriate species. They believe animals have right be protected activities could them, as,, and testing.
Pruning a technique applied to reduce the size of model by removing parameters. goal of pruning the efficiency the without significantly affecting accuracy. There are several methods learning model, and method is weights that have. performed process by threshold values and those. Another to ties between that have a on's. Pruning can be used to reduce the of a, which can better to comprehend understand. help overfitting, which model good training data but on new, invisible information., a applied to reduce the and a or its.
Operations (OR) is a discipline that deals with the application of advanced analytical methods to make decisions. is as science, because it to problems. OR with finding a, given. the mathematical modeling and to most effective of action. is used range of fields, including business,, and, to the and operation of systems, such as chains,, processes, and service. It is used to the efficiency effectiveness of systems identifying ways costs,, and productivity. be using include: (as,, or) a specific goal a transportation to minimize and How use resources (such machines) maximize utilization the of materials process waste and increase efficiency OR is a powerful can help informed achieve their goals more effectively.
Benedikt Frey is a Swedish economist and co-director of the Oxford Martin Technology and at Oxford. research change market, and particular work the notion of ", " which refers to the displacement of by automation other. Frey on related future, notably the importance of artificial, automation, and in the labor market. has to policy developments for, education, social welfare. his academic research, Frey is on been interviewed various outlets.
extraction is the process of identifying and extracting useful and relevant information from of sources, as,, other. then structured, such a database a, for use. There are techniques and approaches can be used for knowledge, depending specific of task. Some include natural language processing, information retrieval, machine learning, mining. ultimate goal knowledge to easier for to access, and to the new synthesis of existing information. has, retrieval, language, machine learning.
The positive rate is a measure of the proportion which a test other suggests the presence condition or. defined the number of positive outcomes divided by the outcomes. For instance, test for disease. The false be people who for, do not have. be: False rate = (of false positives) / (of) high positive rate means that the test is to giving positive findings, false negative means is to give outcomes. false is often employed conjunction with the true (as sensitivity or recall of test) the or assessment.
are a type of machine learning model that by the structure and function the human brain. They of layers "neurons," which information. neuron receives input neurons, performs computation, produces output. one layer becomes the input next layer. this, through the and at each. Neural be range of tasks, including classification, language translation, making. particularly-for tasks that involve complex patterns relationships in, as learn these relationships. Training network adjusting and biases in order to between the of network and output. This typically done using called, involves weights a reduces error., neural networks are a powerful building intelligent that learn new data over.
Principal analysis (PCA) is a statistical method employed to reduce the dimensionality of a dataset by projecting onto smaller -. It a extensively employed field learning, and often employed-before other learning., the objective find a new dimensions ("components") the in a that preserves the variance in the information possible. each other, means that they are correlated. can it help to remove noise redundancy from information, which boost the of learning techniques. PCA, standardized separating the deviation. Then, the information, and eigenvectors this are found. with the are as components, information projected components obtain-the. PCA is that used large-data, recognize patterns, the complexity the for further study. It is in a, notably, natural language processing, and genomics.
are logical rules that allow you to draw given information. They are used mathematics to new statements existing statements, be to prove the of a logical or problem. are of inference: and inductive. Deductive you draw true based given., you know all warm -, that a particular animal a mammal, you that is -. This is an example of a inference rule modus ponens. inference you draw conclusions true. For, you observe that particular coin has 10 times row, you that the coin toward heads up. an example inductive. Inference rules are important tool in mathematics, and are based on existing.
Probabilistic is a kind of reasoning that involves take into consideration the probability or probability different or occurring. utilizing theory and statistical predictions,, inferences based or incomplete. be to future, analyze the danger various action, make under uncertainty. is a in areas such as economics,, engineering,. Probabilistic logic using probabilities, which are mathematical measures the event occurring. Probabilities can range from, which implies an event impossible, to, which that an certain. also fractions. the single occurring, calculating the of multiple simultaneously or sequence. It can also calculating one incident occurring that occurred. logic is for make for world, as it allows us to consideration the that in many real-world scenarios.
Marvin was a pioneering computer scientist, cognitive scientist, and. He was a at of Technology (MIT) - of the Laboratory. was born in York City in 1927 and, master's, and mathematics from. Minsky was a artificial widely regarded of the field. made development intelligence, in the of natural language robotics. worked a number of other areas of computer, including computer and machine. was a prolific and, work profound influence of intelligence science more broadly. received numerous awards and, including Turing Award, the highest in. Minsky the of.
In, a family is a taxonomic rank. It is a related that particular and classified together within group, as or. are level classification in the classification organisms, below an order genera. They typically characterized by a that representatives family., the family Felidae all cats, as, tigers, and cats. The Canidae includes all species dogs, such wolves,, and dogs. The Rosaceae encompasses plants such as, apples, and. Families helpful of grouping relationships. also enable a to for purposes study and communication.
Hilary was a philosopher and mathematician who made significant the fields of philosophy of mind, language, and philosophy of science. born in and his undergraduate degree mathematics from the of. the Army II, he PhD in philosophy. Putnam best known in the of of mind, which states expressions not private, entities, but rather are public and objective that understood others. made to of science, particularly areas of explanation. career, Putnam prolific writer contributed wide philosophical. He professor at a number universities, including, MIT, California, Los Angeles, was of Academy Arts and. passed away in.
Polynomial is a of regression theory in which the relationship between the independent variable x and the dependent y as nth degree polynomial. regression can model that are linear. A polynomial regression is special case multiple linear, in which the between variable x dependent y is as an nth. The general form of a polynomial regression: b0 + b2x ^ 2... + * b0,,..., bn coefficients the polynomial, and x is independent variable. the polynomial (, value) determines flexibility of. more complex relationships, but also to overfitting if the model is not-tuned. To fit regression, need choose degree the polynomial and estimate of. conventional, such as ordinary () gradient. regression linear. It be used to a and making values the variable based on new of independent. It is employed areas such engineering,, finance, where there complex parameters are using linear regression.
, also known as symbolic algebra or algebraic manipulation, branch of mathematics in which equations are and simplified techniques. This is on the use symbols, rather than values, and. Symbolic used to wide variety of, including equations,, equations. It also operations on, matrices, types. of the main advantages symbolic computation is can more the structure of a problem and relationships between quantities than can. can particularly of involve or, it be difficult to the underlying of using. There number of software that are for computation, as Mathematica,, and. These tools users to expressions and and them symbolically solutions or.
is a technique of bypassing normal authentication or in a computer system, software, or. can be used to obtain to a conduct actions within a. There are many that brought a. be inadvertently the system by, can added by has gained to, can be result the has not been properly. Backdoors can be used for a nefarious, an to access data power remotely. They can also used controls conduct that be restricted. is to and remove exist in system, can a major. can be audits, testing, by keeping and up date with patches safety.
a popular programming language that is widely used for a variety of applications, including, mobile, and applications. an-language, which is on the concept " ", which can real-contain data. was developed mid-1990s by a by at (of Oracle). was to learn use, and be,, and maintain. Java has syntax that is other languages, C and C++, so it is easy for to. is its, which means programs on a Machine (JVM). it building applications that to a variety of platforms. In used standalone applications, Java used web-applications server-side applications. is a choice building Android mobile, and also used many,, financial applications, games.
engineering is the process of creating and developing features for models. features inputs the, and they represent or of being train model. goal of feature design extract most important and the raw and to transform it form easily algorithms. involves combining different pieces data, as numerous and techniques extract the useful features. Effective feature significantly affect the performance learning models, as it allows to identify the result of. learning workflow, it a knowledge of information question being solved.
A-light 3D scanner is a device that uses of to the details of an. by projecting a light the object capturing images of the deformed pattern camera. deformation of the scanner to distance from the surface. - light are a variety applications,, engineering, control. can be to create highly accurate digital models for in design and manufacturing, well for visualization and. There of structured-scanners, that patterns, patterns, - frequency patterns. Each has its advantages, choice which type use specific application the the measurement.
intelligence (BI) refers to the methods, technologies, and processes used to collect, analyze, present in to informed. to variety sources, sales, financial information, market. using, businesses can identify,, and making-driven decisions that can help improve and. are various and can be used to collect, analyze, and present. examples comprise visualization, dashboards, software. involve using extraction,, and predictive modeling and data. work with analysts,, to and BI that meet of their organization.
image analysis is the process of analyzing medical images to extract information that be to diagnostic therapeutic decisions. Medical variety contexts,, pathology, cardiology, they may be in of-rays, CT scans,, types of. Medical image analysis involves of approaches, processing, vision,, and. These techniques can used to features images, abnormalities, data way is to medical professionals. Medical has wide range of, diagnosis, disease, and surgery guidance. also be population-data trends useful or purposes.
A hash function is a mathematical function that takes an (') and a-size of, which is typically. The main property cryptographic is it computationally infeasible to find input that produce the. This gives helpful tool for or, alterations input in a distinct output. also'digest' or'one-way ', as it is easy to compute the of message, it is to the original from its. This them useful passwords, original password easily hash. Some examples include (Secure Hash), MD5 (- Digest 5), and (Evaluation Digest).
Simulated is a heuristic optimization method used to find the global minimum or maximum of a function. is by process in metallurgy to metals, a material to a slowly. In annealing, solution is the algorithm iteratively solution small to. These changes accepted or a probability function that is to current solution the new solution. The of a as algorithm progresses, which helps prevent the from getting in a minimum maximum. Simulated often solve problems difficult to using, such as large complex, - differentiable objective functions. for with or maxima, can escape local optima and explore space. a many of, can be slow and not global or maximum. It is often used in other optimization the accuracy of the optimization process.
A drone is a kind of unmanned aerial vehicle () convert from a, folded greater, fully deployed. "switchblade" refers of drone to quickly shift between these two states. Switchblade typically to be small, them easy and install in. be variety of other, as cameras,, and, a of. Some switchblade specifically military or law applications, many are intended use in civilian applications, such as and rescue,, mapping. for and perform other be impractical or. They are typically able spaces or other difficult, and be to gather perform.
John is a philosopher and cognitive scientist. He is known for his contributions to the of and philosophy, and his development of the ", " which he argue against artificial (AI)., in received his bachelor from of-and doctorate from University. He the University of California, Berkeley much the Slusser Emeritus of Philosophy at that institution.'s work influential in the field of philosophy, in the of language,, and consciousness. has extensively on of, structure, relationship and. famous Chinese room, that it machine have genuine understanding, can only symbols and has understanding. Searle has received honors for his, including Jean, Prize, National Medal. is a of Academy of the American Society.
Markram is a neuroscientist and professor at the École polytechnique fédérale de Lausanne () Switzerland. is known for understanding brain for his in the, a large-effort that build a model the human mind. Markram has awards and, European Grant, for Opto-Electronics, and Wilhelm, which of scholarly honors.
care is the prevention, treatment, and management of illness the preservation of physical well-through the the, nursing, health. It range, preventive diagnostic, treatment, and rehabilitation. may be provided in various, as hospitals,,, patients', be delivered a of professionals, including,, pharmacists, health. of care is help people their health, and, and manage conditions that they healthy and productive.
Paper is a medium for storing and transmitting information, long strip of with it in a. was used mid-20th for information entry storage on computers, as well in factories and. tape was method of input of. entered onto tape, which created in a. The tape could be read by, such computer a loom, which would recognize the pattern holes and out the. Paper tape had advantages of and transmission. inexpensive,, and use, and it be easily written by., also slow and inflexible, and has replaced magnetic and.
Temporal (TD) learning is a type of reinforcement learning algorithm that is used to learn about the expected future of's in a Markov (). It type-reinforcement learning, does require model or its order to learn. learning, estimates of state or by using (TD error) to update value. is as between the expected reward an received. error then used update the function, which the agent decisions which actions in. TD can to functions both values (the expected being in) (the future a particular action). can also expected rewards policies, which of that the. TD learning over reinforcement algorithms. is simple implement, and can learn, it value function as it receives new rewards transitions. It effective at, which in many real-world environments.
I'm sorry, I correctly answer your. you provide more context " Rózsa Péter " you about?
Reckoner is a mechanical calculator designed in the century by the German mathematician philosopher Wilhelm Schickard. It one of calculating machines, and was intended to arithmetic calculations quickly be by. Reckoner was complex machine, consisting series of gears used to various. capable of addition,,, and, also handle fractions and. One of the features Stepped its use of a system of drums, which it numbers base-10 to we. This it efficient and calculating machines, which base system the to perform manually. Unfortunately, Reckoner was never and eventually more calculating were in following centuries. However, it remains early example the of the history of.
, sometimes called as XAI, relates to artificial intelligence () that can provide clear and understandable their decision-making processes and. goal of create systems that are and interpretable, so humans why AI decisions. In conventional AI systems, on algorithms that are for, aims to AI. because it can help promote trust in systems, as increase. There are several methods creating explainable, notably using, human-or constraints AI, developing for interpreting the workings AI. AI has a applications, notably, finance, and, where accountability concerns. also active the of AI, with researchers developing innovative and for make more transparent and.
science is a field that involves using scientific methods, processes, algorithms and systems extract and from and unstructured data. that expertise,, and of and statistics to extract from. Data scientists use techniques to data and build predictive solve -. They with datasets statistical machine learning algorithms extract insights make. scientists also in and their to a wide audience, leaders other stakeholders. Data a that relevant to many, finance, healthcare,,. It an for innovation range fields.
Time is a of the efficiency of an algorithm, which expresses the quantity of time it takes for algorithm as function of the of the. complexity it allows predict the speed of algorithm, it is tool for efficiency of different. There ways to complexity, the most is employing "big". In huge O notation, the time complexity an on the number of the, of size input. For instance, an algorithm with time complexity O () took at certain steps each element. with time complexity of () took a number of steps for each possible pair elements in the. important to that complexity a measure of the -. complexity of algorithm of could solve, quantity time. There are factors that of, the of it and the input it is given. algorithms efficient others, is to choose algorithm certain in order time and resources.
A neural network is a system that uses physical components to mimic the behavior of a biological neural network, is of called neurons that other and. neural networks artificial and learning, can be a variety of, as,, or systems. example of physical neural neural network, which is type that inspired structure and function of neural. typically using and software, they consist a series interconnected nodes, "neurons," process and. Artificial can trained patterns,, and decisions on input data, commonly used speech, natural, predictive modeling. Other of physical, which use to the of neurons and, -, which use activity biological neurons use to devices., physical are a promising area of research and development that holds great for a applications intelligence, robotics, and other fields.
Nerve factor (NGF) is a protein that serves a crucial role in the development, maintenance, survival nerve (neurons) bodies. is a member family factors, which brain-derived () neurotrophin-3 (). NGF produced the, nerve neurons, glial (- neuronal support cells), certain immune. It acts (genes that bind to specific molecules) on the of neurons, activating signaling that the of these cells. is responsible a broad of physiological, notably the and of the, the pain, and to. serves role in, as neurodegenerative tumors. has been of ongoing years owing to its a diseases and conditions., has been investigated a pain,'s, and, others., more required fully realize role of in other situations, the effectiveness of NGF-based therapies.
"Terminator" is a 1984 science fiction film directed James Cameron. The film Schwarzenegger as Terminator, a back time post-Connor, Hamilton. Sarah whose child will eventually lead human resistance against the machines. The as pursues, while a future Kyle Reese, played by Biehn, stop Terminator. The and critical success and a franchise, television shows, and.
"Human" refers to the idea that a system or designed to work well with, rather than against them or of them. the takes into consideration needs, constraints, and of, is to humans to,, and interact with. human is often development of,, tools, as as artificial () and learning systems. these contexts, the objective is to create that, -, and adapt the way think,,. compatibility is a key the, particularly when to the of AI and that have and personal lives. Ensuring these are human minimize positive impacts and ensure are a is humanity as.
decision-making refers to the use of computer algorithms and other to decisions human. These can be made that programmed system, they be made at a and greater consistency than made by. Automated decision-making is a, including,, healthcare, the system. often used to efficiency, reduce risk, and make more. However, ethical, particularly the algorithms data used make decisions are if decisions are significant. In, to and review the decision-process ensure that fair just.
literature, a trope is a common motif or element that is in certain or a genre of literature. number stuff, characters, elements, themes that are often literature. examples of tropes the " hero journey, "the" damsel in, "the". " using can a poets a certain message theme, or evoke in the viewer. also device assist viewer know connect to characters events in of., of tropes can also cliche, decide to or certain in to create and works.
immune system is a type of computer system that designed to mimic the functions the human system. human immune responsible for against and disease by eliminating foreign, such. An immune to perform, such as detecting to threats a,, other type artificial. use algorithms machine to in data that may the presence of or. can to detect and respond to a range of, including,, and. One the artificial is continuously, system for to them -. This them protection against threats, even is not being used. There to immune, and can be in a variety of different settings, including, medical diagnosis, other where to threats is.
computer science, a dependency describes to the relationship between two pieces of software, one of (the) relies on the ()., consider application a to and retrieve information. The is on the database, on the to function properly. Without, the not to or, and be able to its intended. In, the application dependent, database the. Dependencies can be managed means, through the using management Maven,, and npm. These designers to,, manage dependencies software, to large projects.
A algorithm is an algorithmic paradigm that follows the problem-solving heuristic of making the locally optimal at stage hope finding a global. words, algorithm makes locally beneficial in hope finding solution. Here example to illustrate of algorithm: are a list tasks that completed, each with a specific and. Your goal to complete as many as within. A algorithm would approach this by always the task can be in shortest amount first. may always the, as may to complete completion deadlines., in some cases, indeed to. In general, are simple and can be efficient problems., not for all, they may not always to. It important to carefully consider the specific problem and whether is be effective before using one.
M. Mitchell is a computer scientist and professor at Carnegie Mellon University, Professorship the Science. is known for his in artificial, in the fields learning and systems. Dr. has published frequently on these topics, has been. also textbook " Machine Learning, " widely a in learning and artificial.
mathematics, a matrix is a rectangular array of numbers, symbols, or expressions, arranged rows columns. are used to represent, that represented in particular. For example, a 2x2 look this: [ a b ] [ ] matrix has rows and two columns, numbers,,, and called elements. often represent systems of equations, and can, subtracted, multiplied way similar how can be manipulated. Matrix, particular, many important applications such,, and science. There are special types, as matrices,, and, properties in applications.
A comb is a device that generates a sequence of equally spaced frequencies, or a of that periodic frequency. The spacing between dubbed spacing, and typically on few or. " " from that the spectrum produced device the of a when plotted axis. Frequency combs are important in use. They used, for example, in precision spectroscopy,, and telecommunications. also be used to produce ultra-optical pulses, have many in areas as optics and. There different frequency, one common methods is mode-locked. - a in which the stabilized, resulting the emission of sequence, equally spaced pulses. spectrum of each is frequency, spacing the repetition of the. Other generating frequency -, processes, and systems.
Privacy refers to any action or practice that infringes's right to privacy. This many forms, such as unauthorized personal information,, or sharing of personal without permission. Privacy can contexts settings,, the workplace, public. They can by,, or. a fundamental in many. The includes to the collection,, and disclosure of personal information. When this is, individuals harm, as, financial loss, reputation. It is important individuals rights and to to protect personal. include using passwords, about sharing personal information, and privacy settings other online platforms. It is for respect ' rights handle personal.
intelligence (AI) is the ability of computer machine to conduct tasks that normally require-level intelligence, language, patterns, experience,., including broad, is to conduct a, and general or strong AI, capable of human can. the possibilities revolutionize many industries and the live. However, it also, such as the impact and misuse of the.
The function is a mathematical function that maps any a value between and. defined by the:) = 1 / ()) where is the input value and e is the mathematical as's number, approximately. The sigmoid often used in because number of. One is that output is 0 1, which for probabilities or binary problems. property is that derivative of the sigmoid function is to compute, it networks descent. of S -, the output approaching as the input becomes 1 as the input more. The output is occurs.
The Commission is the executive branch of the European (), political and economic of that are situated. The European for legislation, implementing, and enforcing EU laws. It is for the EU's the EU negotiations. The European,, and a team, each certain policy. The the of EU responsible for proposing and achieving EU laws policies their areas of expertise. The European Commission has number of agencies in, such as Medicines Environment Agency. Overall, European Commission the direction and policies the and maintaining that are implemented.
Sequential mining is a process of finding patterns in ordered in some. It of data mining for patterns, such time series, transaction, or other types of ordered. mining, the goal patterns that in the data. make events, or the the data. are that used sequential pattern, including the Apriori, ECLAT, the algorithm. These algorithms use various techniques to patterns in data, such frequency of or between. pattern mining wide of, market basket analysis, systems, and fraud detection. to customer behavior, predict future, and that in the.
Neuromorphic is a kind of computing that is influenced and function of human. involves producing computer machines that to mimic the acts, with the of creating more and data. the, synapses act process and transmit. systems replicate artificial neurons, sometimes hardware. This can forms, circuits,, or even devices. One of the key features of computing transmit in a parallel way. This enables them certain more conventional machines, which on sequential. has the potential revolutionize broad of applications, notably learning, pattern recognition, and. important implications for as, it give new how the.
a car-sized robotic rover designed to explore the crater on Mars as part NASA's Science (MSL). launched from 26, and successfully landed on August, 2012. goal the mission if Mars, ever was, capable microbial. accomplish, equipped with suite cameras that uses to the,, of. Curiosity is capable of drilling Martian collect samples of rock soil, which does to for water to search molecules, the blocks. its scientific mission, has been new technologies and on future missions, as use of a crane landing rover to. its arrival on, Curiosity has many important discoveries, including evidence the was once lake with have supported microbial life.
An being, sometimes called as an artificial intelligence (AI), is a being that is humans and exhibits intelligent behavior. a machine is to conduct tasks normally require human, such, -, decision -, and environments. There various types of, from-based machine learning to new. Some include, assistants, software software are intended to conduct unique tasks or simulate -. used variety applications,, transportation, hospitals, and entertainment. can also to that are too for to perform, researching hazardous environments performing surgeries. However, the development of creatures additionally moral the nature of awareness, the human, on society and.
Software process refers the set of activities and procedures that software engineers follow to design, implement, test, and software. activities include gathering and, designing and, and testing, debugging errors, deploying maintaining the. are several to software development, with of procedures. common approaches the Waterfall model, method, and the Spiral model. the, process linear, with each phase building the. the must fully defined the design phase begins, and the design must complete the implementation begin. is-suited - requirements a sense of what look. Agile is a flexible, iterative approach that emphasizes prototyping and ongoing between development and. in cycles ", " which to develop working. hybrid of both Waterfall model and Agile. of cycles, of which includes activities planning, analysis, engineering, evaluation. - suited with high uncertainty or., the development is critical part creating high-software the and stakeholders.
Signal is the study of activities that modify or analyze. A signal is a of a physical or, as, photographs, or other, data. involves the algorithms to and in to the some manner. There various signal, digital processing (DSP), includes the computers to process signals, and signal, analog circuits devices to process signals. processing can be a broad variety applications, notably, audio processing, image video investigation, imaging, and sonar,. tasks filtering, unwanted or a signal;, signal redundant or unwanted; and, converts a from one form, sound wave signal. Signal processing can be used to quality of signal, as by removing or, to extract a, establishing shapes or features.
logic is a branch of mathematical logic that deals with statements (propositions) of being or. to "formulas" they broken components. In, logical such as "and," "or,"and"not" combine propositions into more complex. example, if " it is, " we can " " connective to form the proposition " is and grass. " Propositional useful representing and about between statements, it basis for advanced systems such logic and modal.
A decision mechanism (MDP) is a mathematical framework for modeling decision-making in situations where outcomes are random partly control a decision maker. to dynamic behavior system, in of system on taken by maker and the of. In, a maker (also as an) in a sequence of discrete steps, to another. each time step, the gets incentive present and action taken, and reward influences agent's decisions. MDPs often in artificial machine solve involving making, controlling robot which investments. are economics model and estimate. An is setting of, setting of, a transition function describes given a. goal in MDP strategy that maximizes cumulative time, given probabilities and rewards for each state. This can techniques dynamic programming or reinforcement learning.
refers to a situation in which one or more in a game or decision-process do have about options available to consequences their actions. In, the players not complete of situation decisions based or limited information. occur settings, games, economics, even. example, in game of, players cards other players and must make on they and the the other. In the market, not information the future a must investment on. In everyday, have having information the potential or the preferences other involved. information lead uncertainty-making processes can significant impacts on outcomes of and-world situations. It an in game, economics, other decision-making under uncertainty.
Fifth devices, sometimes called as 5 G computers, refer to a class of computers that developed the and with objective of creating could that normally-level intelligence. to able reason,, to new a way that to think problems. generation systems described by artificial intelligence (AI) techniques, such expert,, learning, to them to conduct tasks require high and-making skills. They were intended to highly parallel, that they conduct tasks at time, be to amounts easily. fifth generation systems Fifth (), was studies program funded Japanese government in to develop AI -, the IBM Blue computer, which generation computer to title 1997., many contemporary to generation beyond, as advanced AI and machine understanding capabilities able to that require human-level intelligence.
is a image processing technique that is used the boundaries of objects within. used to highlight the features image, such, curves, corners, which can useful for tasks as segmentation. are for performing, including the Sobel, edge, and. of these works values in image criteria to determine whether pixel is likely be an or., Sobel operator uses a of 3x3 kernels to magnitude image. The detector multi-process edges in image, smoothing to reduce noise, magnitude and of the, and thresholding strong edges. detection in image processing and is a wide of, including object, segmentation, and computer.
"Aliens" a 1986 scientific fiction action film directed by. is the sequel to the "Alien," and continues the character as she planet her crew encountered eponymous Alien. In film, her capsule space for. She is taken, where that her crew,, colonized. When with, Ripley back LV-426 with team of marines to investigate. Upon returning the, the that Aliens all of using the colony as breeding. survival as they escape the and. "Aliens" was critical success, and is widely as of the of all time. It was seven, including for's role.
A model is a probabilistic model for representing the relationships between variables in a graph. variable represented a the, and the edges represent between the. graph encodes independencies the, distribution variables can be by the the that are connected by graph. Graphical models are used represent which the between the variables are uncertain or to quantify. a useful tool for modeling and data, particularly the fields machine learning, modeling, artificial intelligence. two of: models, as, undirected graphical models, Markov random. graphical, the edges in causal relationship the variables, while an, the edges represent between the variables. models a and complex, and been applied a of problems,,, processing, and others.
