Computer relates for those tangible components which build up a computer system. Such components include their motherboard, middle processing unit (CPU), memory (RAM), hard, graphics card, and were for a computer work. The components together instructions perform. The main circuit this computer that connection to of any. The CPU, central processing, brain from this computer that any. The, the casual memory, is that type of type that data keeps. The tough was an device all of every data programs in. graphical displays the computer. In addition those, computer even input/devices such as a keyboard,, and monitor, much external printers including scanners. of such function enable computer to a broad range and tasks.
A agent is a program that performs a specific task or set of tasks on behalf of a user another. agents designed to be independently their user or on which are. are used automate, analyze data, other functions that time-difficult human do. Software can be different ways, and can be for applications. common examples software agents include: Web crawlers: These are programs that internet and gather data from websites.: These are that are to send emails messages. Personal: are help manage and, provide assistance. Monitoring agents: that monitor of system network and alert if are any problems. Software agents can implemented of programming languages, can be run on a of, including desktop, servers, mobile devices. can be designed to work a wide of software hardware, can into other systems applications.
Self-theory (SDT) is an theory in human motivation a which explains how people's basic psychological needed autonomy,, and relatedness related for their-psychological. The theory was the idea people innate to or, and therefore might have so thwarted with social environments which them. According the, three basic psychological necessary:: needs of each's own and to make choices that were compatible with someone or goals. Competence: the needs to efficient and for one endeavors. Relatedness: needs become connected with. recommends psychological changes filled, are likely to experience, -, and good health. his other hand, need met, people are better to experience emotions, poor -, and psychological health. SDT have used an variety of, involving education, care, and workplace, comprehend the-welfare et psychological.
The "effect" refers to the phenomenon where people underestimate the capabilities of artificial (AI) because they it being similar to own processes behaviors. lead to tendency attribute behavior to other factors, the or the underlying, than the AI itself. The AI effect people their own underestimate potential systems., if a person able a with ease, they assume that task is not particularly or intelligent therefore their to their own abilities rather than recognizing the of the system that may be them. Overall, to appreciating of AI, can lead to lack the value AI to various fields.
The suite represents an collection for software applications that were intended work together to associated tasks. The programs in the often referred ", " and those are typically intended become used in conjunction of to the complete solution problem or problems. Software suites applied in to a range functions, processing, spreadsheet, data, management, others. be in a package or in a bundle of separate that are used in. Some examples from software apartments were Microsoft, Adobe Creative, and Google Workspace (formerly-known). Such include some variety that to tasks and functions, as processing, spreadsheet creation,, and presentation. Further software suites may be special types businesses,, marketing, and resources.
Path is the process of finding a feasible and optimal path a robot or autonomous vehicle to follow from a starting location to goal location while satisfying set of constraints. path planning, the or consider characteristics its, the positions of obstacles, the capabilities of or, other relevant may. The robot or vehicle must consider own, as limitations, speed, or the need to follow a certain or. There different and techniques can be for, including graph-based approaches, - based approaches, -. choice of algorithm on the characteristics of problem and the of. Path planning is a component robotics and systems, plays a critical role in enabling and to operate complex and environments.
The card, sometimes known as a Hollerith wish of IBM card, that piece from paper that was used as a medium for and manipulating data days computing. This gets a "hit" card it series tiny punched the standardized. hole is a or piece, and holes encodes stored. Punched cards were generally the 19th from century in variety of applications, with data processing, telecommunication, manufacturing. became very popular at early days for electronic computers, they as a way of and output, save programs and. cards were by more modern, this tape disk, provided greater capacity and. However, the part of our history computing used in applications to that day.
BBC Model B is a computer that was made by the British company Computers in 1981. It was based on the Acorn Proton, microprocessor developed specifically in computers. Model B was one first computers to be in the UK, and it was particularly popular and due to cost ease of. It 1 MHz CPU, 32 kilobytes of (expandable kilobytes), and a-cassette for data. was also equipped with number of-in peripherals, including, a monitor, BBC interpreter, which made it for users own. The was Master computers in mid-1980s.
Grey theory provides that branch in mathematically modeling plus statistical analysis that deals on systems and processes we work or. This to analyze behavior systems that use uncertain information, which complex varying. In, input data incomplete or noisy, relationships variables entirely. This can it difficult modeling techniques, so as those for-equations, correctly describe forecast the behavior of this system. Grey system theory set the tools plus techniques to sand modeling systems. Such are based the by grey, are thus that in the data. system even forecasting, decision making, the in uncertainty. Grey system was used to the broad range many, economics,, science, and, give a few. remains beneficial situations that conventional modeling methods is insufficient nor it exists have make from incomplete or uncertain information.
A support system (DSS) is a computer-based information system that supports decision-making activities by providing access to data,, and techniques. The goal is assist decision makers more informed effective providing with necessary tools to decision-making process. be a contexts, business, government, other organizations, making at different levels and different,, marketing, operations, and human. They can be designed to support specific types of, as strategic, tactical, or operational, and be tailored the needs different users, as, managers, or-employees. be into, including-DSSs, - driven, and document-driven, the type and provide. Model-driven DSSs use and simulations to decision making, while-DSSs to amounts data and to and analyze data support making. Document-DSSs access documents, such as and policies, support decision. general, DSSs are provide timely,, accurate information to support decision making, and allow explore different alternatives scenarios help more informed and effective decisions.
The equation is an arithmetic equation who was applied to described a dynamic programming solution for a certain optimization. He by Bellman, which presented to vigorous into the 15th. programming, you to best for problem down to, resolving each of, individual those to achieve overall optimum. equation is an key tool solving it is a reflect the best solution for a subproblem with terms best solutions to smaller subproblems. The form of this Bellman equation as follows:) =, A) + ') ], V(S) value being S,,) is reward taking action A, γ is factor determines the importance of future rewards, ') is value next state (S ') that results in S. The term " " indicates we the value of) by all A be taken in state S. equation can be used solve wide variety of optimization, problems in economics, theory,. remains especially useful of solving problems of decision-making over time, best decision every depends the taken during steps.
Roger Penrose is an English mathematician and physicist who is known for his contributions the mathematical physics of general cosmology. He a the also been of the Institute since. Penrose is perhaps for his work on singularities in relativity, including Penrose-theorems, existence of singularities in solutions the Einstein field equations. He has also made significant the of and the of, including the of of computing. Penrose received awards and work, including the 1988 Wolf Physics, the in Physics, and 2020 Prize.
vision refers of a visual perspective that an individual has from any world around. This operates based that the own physically and, also to see and at any moment. with allocentric or external, views a world on a exterior, targeted standpoint, an perspective but individual's personal experiences perspective. can influence ways an individual understands individual explains different objects these. Egocentric is and cognitive, as that explain how individuals but their world. This also the factor the development awareness spatial to and inside the environment.
dynamics is a branch of physics that deals with the study of the motion fluids and the forces acting. include and, their is principles of. In fluid, fluids and how they interact objects or surfaces that they contact with. forces fluids, such as, tension, and viscosity, and how affect the fluid behavior. dynamics wide of applications, the of aircraft, ships, and automobiles, of blood flow in human body, prediction of weather.
TED (, Entertainment, Design) is an global conference series that features brief (generally lasting 18 or less) on broad range and,, tech, business,, art. conferences are organised the privately non-profit - making (Technology,, Design), and also different places world. TED conferences by-content diverse lineup, which and a variety fields. were recorded accessible-based through TED website or diverse different platforms, and are viewed millions in times for people around your world. In on those TED conferences, TED also large events, TEDx, TEDWomen, and, individually by but follow a format. TED provides educational, these as-Ed or TED-Ed Clubs, which intended teachers broad range subjects.
Simulation-optimization is a method of solving optimization problems by using computer simulations to evaluate the performance of different solutions. a technique when the the of the optimization difficult or to, or the involves processes that be easily modeled. simulation -, a of system or under consideration generate simulated outcomes for different solutions. uses simulated outcomes guide the search for the best solution. The key this approach is that it allows optimization algorithm consider a range of solutions, than being those be analytically. - optimization used a fields, including,, and. It be optimize a wide of, resource allocation, scheduling, logistics, and design. several and approaches be used for simulation-optimization, evolutionary algorithms, genetic, annealing, and swarm optimization. These algorithms typically involve iteratively searching improved solutions using outcomes the search towards better solutions.
art means an term employed to depict whatever form of digital art and media that was created using computer software or hardware. This a the, illustration,, video, animation. art could are designed variety software programs and, 2D or 3D modeling, vector graphics, raster graphics,, others. includes frequent specialised plus create,, and additional digitised media that were impossible using traditional art. art become more from years fewer and people have to powerful computer software. He applied in variety of industries,, entertainment, education,. also part of art also exhibited in and traditional forms.
Ken Jennings is a game show contestant and author who is known for record-74 - game winning streak on show "! " in 2004. He is has written several on a variety, science, trivia, popular. Jennings has a-known figure his appearances writing, has made appearances other game shows in media as a expert on topics trivia.
The-sleep algorithm was an machine learning method that was applied to train in-depth neural networks in more of. He introduced in 95 and colleagues in the Toronto. The idea wake-algorithm to networks, nicknamed " " network plus a " ", to model data. The creative shall trained for the data distribution, while recognition identify the produced data being derived from the data distribution. During this "awake" an algorithm, the generative network are to create for the distribution, and recognition are applied the such be the. During "sleep", the recognition network produce samples data, and a generative are applied the likelihood on sampling be derived data. alternating the and sleeping, the have to a proper of data. The wake-algorithm has shown to become powerful deep networks and become to achieve state-of - the-art - - most-state - - the-results variety of machine learning tasks.
filtering is the process of automatically identifying and sorting incoming emails based on criteria. Filtering can used classify emails as, to emails folders, or to delete emails. filters are typically created by user, and can on various criteria as the sender, the, subject, content of, or. For, user a filter to move all from specific to a folder, or delete all emails with keywords in the subject line. Email are commonly used to reduce the amount or unwanted that a user receives,. email and include-functionality, and can use-party email tools their email management.
In-supervised learning, the machine learning model shall trained in dataset which does not have any or target variables. The model allowed to find in data on its, avoiding getting told to or to these. are designed plus parse data, used a for, involving clustering, reduction, and. remains often applied as a, comprehend data-set structure characteristics of this dataset before applying more techniques. not require man-made and guidance teach, and able to study from data without what for. can to situations it is not practicable to label, where the purpose of analysis to identify patterns of already. Examples learning include aggregating those, these as k-and hierical, and reduction algorithms, principal component (PCA).
United cyber diplomacy refers to the use of diplomatic and other relations tools to the country's in cyberspace. This to promote in cyberspace, to reduce the of conflict and coercion, and the of a free that supports and development. United diplomacy can variety activities, engaging with and negotiate agreements establish behavior cyberspace, and to address threats, and using diplomatic tools such as and forms of economic pressure to deter malicious activity in cyberspace. diplomacy is increasingly important aspect of States foreign, other digital technologies to all of, including the economy,, security. As, the States has the need to engage other and to common shared interests cyberspace.
The mart is an database or the subset of any data warehouse that was designed to support personal needs any of or the certain. has smaller version in warehouse and centred certain area department. Data marts to provide quick access to purposes, as sales and customer. is typically populated with data the, as both from sources such as external data feeds. Data marts is and managed between individual departments and units inside organization, and intended to a need and such. is applied business decision-activities, may are used users, analysts,, and managers. Data marts is simpler than data warehouses, and are intended become more precise by the. They also and maintain, and more supple at terms of they may handle., may not so complete or-as - up the data warehouses, and not appear to an in data integration analysis.
Independent analysis (ICA) is a statistical technique used to identify and separate independent sources of information that are mixed in. It used in a, including processing, neuroscience, and, to extract information data. basic behind find a of the mixed maximally underlying. is by finding set of - "components" that are as independent possible, still able to the mixed data. In practice, ICA is often used a mixture of signals, such as signals or data, into component parts. example, audio signals, be separate vocals music song, to different in. image data, be separate different objects or features image. ICA typically used situations the number known mixing process is linear, individual sources are unknown mixed in a way it difficult separate. ICA algorithms are designed to find the independent of the data, if are non-Gaussian and correlated.
Non-logic is that type of logic as calls for the revision of conclusions building from new information. In with, which that after a is reached it been revised, - logic allowed the possibility of revising after information becomes. are several different of outside-monotonic, the, automatic logical, circumscription. Such are applied different fields, so as intelligence, philosophy, and linguistics, which model reasoning under or. In default logic, conclusions reached default to become true are evidence that a contrary. This allow for revising conclusions information. automatic is an-logic was to model reasoning's beliefs. logic, could are revised as fresh information becomes, and a process conclusions based under principle a. represents an type-monotonic logic as was model reasoning for incomplete or inconsistent information. In this, conclusions when subset any available-for - sale, with goal for to highest for the limited. - logics helpful to that becomes uncertain either incomplete, and where to possible revise becomes. They they variety fields, - made intelligence, philosophy, and, model under uncertainty to manage or information.
Expert are computer programs designed to mimic the decision-making abilities of a human expert in a specific domain. systems intelligence () techniques, such as, machine, and reasoning, to to problems make on or information. used to problems that would a of specialized. They can used in of fields, including medicine, finance,, and, diagnosis,, and decision -. Expert systems typically have a knowledge base that contains a specific domain, and a set rules or that are to process analyze information in base. base usually a in domain is used to system in its-making. Expert can be to recommendations or make decisions their, be support and assist experts-making process. They often used provide rapid and accurate solutions to problems that be time-or for to solve on their own.
Information (IR) is an process of searching for or retrieving information a collection for and database. has an field which deals, storage, and retrieval of information. In information retrieval systems, the user query, is an request. The system its collection for returned documents appear to a. relevance is identified however matches query closely addresses the's information needs. There are many various in retrieval, and olean retrieval, vector space model, and latent spatial. Such approaches techniques group different and the important for. Information retrieval is multiple various applications, as search, library, and online. This an important tool for arranging the digital age.
Life is a virtual world that was created in 2003 by Linden Lab. is a 3D world which users can, connect, chat others the avatars. can create and sell virtual services, well as participate variety of activities events within the virtual. Life via a that available on of platforms, including, macOS, and. Once client installed, users an and customize their avatar their liking. They can then explore virtual world, interact with other, and participate various activities, as attending concerts,, and more. to its, for a variety business educational, such as,, and e-commerce.
In science, the heuristic means an technique which enables an computer program to find a solution for a problem swiftly appear with the algorithm correct. Heuristics are often no accurate is or it not an accurate given an amount nor would. are utilized to optimization problems, lies to find a best out possible. For one, the traveling salesman problem, the goal was to find route which visited a set in that returns a starting. An algorithm guaranteed correct solution problem very, so often to find which was ideal. Heuristics have, though we are guaranteed an best solution, and their quality we differ depend specific problem or how solution. an result, it to thoroughly the quality for such solutions identified with a and to whether accurate required in the given context.
A machine is a mechanical or electronic device used to process and record from punched cards other of input. These were in early for various of processing, census data, statistical analysis, record -. The first tabulating developed by Herman in the late 1880s United Bureau. Hollerith used cards data series of mechanical and process tally data. This proved to faster and more efficient previous methods of data processing, and was widely adopted by businesses and government agencies. machines electronic components and were of tasks, sorting, merging,. were commonly 1950s and, but have been largely other digital technologies.
The language is an set the strings that strings created from a certain strings the rules. Formal languages are in science,, and mathematics to representative syntax of language, the any natural, and the rules governing natural. In computer, formal language is set on strings can from a. The grammar is set the rules that how to create strings in the language. The applied the syntax of any language of document. In linguistics, language is an set on strings that can a formal. official an by rules create with natural language, these and. The that are applied to characterise a syntax and of any natural, the categories, word, and grammatical and phrases. In, formal language is an strings that can strings formed from a formal. is rules how to use symbols a system axioms or inference. systems are applied systems provide in mathematics logic. Overall, the formal language-defined set that can from certain the rules. remains to syntax and structure of languages, native, and logical the but formalized way.
Matrix is a method of expressing a matrix in a specific form. There are several types of matrix decompositions, with specific and application. Some common of matrix decompositions: Value Decomposition (): SVD matrix three: U,,, where U are unitary matrices is matrix. often for dimensionality and data. (EVD): EVD decomposes a matrix two:, where D is a matrix and V is a unitary matrix. EVD is to find the eigenvalues and eigenvectors a matrix, can be to analyze behavior linear systems.: QR a into: Q, where is unitary matrix and upper triangular. decomposition used to solve systems of and compute the squares solution to system.: Cholesky decomposes matrix into: L L^T, where is lower matrix and is transpose. decomposition is often to solve of linear to compute the a matrix. can be a useful tool in many of,, and data analysis, it matrices manipulated and analyzed more easily.
Computer are visual representations for data that were created computer using specialized software. Such graphics static, as digitised photograph, you may have, video and some movie. graphics are applied the of, covering, science,,. They is create visualizations on, to and plus, and to entertainment content games and movies. There different, with raster graphics and graphical. Raster graphics are built up of pixels, which squares with color that give up overall image. graphics, of other hand, built of lines that by, allows become expanded or down before quality. Computer graphics using the variety software programs, 2D or 3D graphics, - aided design (CAD) programs, development engines. enable create, edit, and graphics with the broad for tools features, as,,, and 3D modeling.
On, a tag is a way to mention another user or page in a, comment, or message. When you tag someone, you a link to, the or comment will visible to them their. can people pages,, and other content. To tag, can type "@" followed. This will a, and you can select the you to the. You can tag a page by typing the "@" symbol by page. Tagging a useful to draw to something in a post, it can to visibility of the comment. When tag, they will receive notification, can to increase engagement drive traffic to the. However, use tags responsibly and tag pages it's appropriate to so.
In both engineered intelligence, circumscription is an method of reasoning that enables one to reason about a set in worlds any set and assumptions render any formula true in between different. the by McCarthy his " - Form Form-Reasoning " in 1980. a representing or uncertain. This enables about a set in possible before having of any details worlds. Rather, you can reason about a set in from contemplating any smallest set and which would render any given true in worlds. one, suppose to a about on exists unique which is an. represent this in that this exists some unique individual an spy this are not a other or. This enables reason a set possible on which exists unique without to each any details of such. had used to different of unnatural, where knowledge representation, native processing, and computerised. even the of outside-monotonic reasoning, which is ability to about a set possible within unfinished or information.
Knowledge, also known as data mining, is the process of extracting useful and potentially meaningful information from large datasets. involves of techniques and algorithms and in data that used to informed predictions. goal knowledge uncover hidden insights that can to processes, decisions, support research development. It of statistical, machine learning, and visualization interpret. There are stages involved in the knowledge discovery process, including: Data: involves cleaning and preprocessing the data ensure that is in suitable format analysis. exploration: This the identify, patterns, that relevant the question or problem. modeling: This involves statistical machine models to patterns relationships in the data. presentation: insights derived from the in concise manner, typically the use charts, graphs, and other visualizations. Overall, knowledge discovery a powerful for insights informed decisions based on data.
Deep learning constitutes an subfield of machine learned that combines taught to profound and. Reinforcement learning that type of taught algorithm by an agent learns its with order to the reward. The gets the of a actions, and that back to in to. Deep learning some type that using artificial nervous networks data. networks be composed from layers of connected nodes, and so are to relationships the data adjusting the to biases spatial connections between the. Deep reinforcement those through using deep of function in reinforcement. This enables an sophisticated behaviors to better sensible decisions depending from on our environment. already to a broad range tasks, involving games,, and resource allocation of complex systems.
Customer value (CLV) is a measure of the total value that customer will generate for a business over the course of their relationship the company. It concept marketing and customer management, as it businesses the-term of to allocate. To calculate CLV, will typically factors such of money customer, the length of time they, and of products or they purchase. The CLV of a customer be business decisions about to allocate resources, price products and services, how to improve valuable customers. Some also consider factors when calculating, as the to refer other customers to business, the potential engage with the business in non-ways (social or other of word-of - marketing).
The Room was an thoughtful experiment designed to question the idea of a computer program could have thought to or in exact ways as. The experiment is what: that was room person that not Chinese. The given the set inscribed which how use Chinese. They is stack in American characters with series Chinese. person obeys rules to manipulated the American characters then produce a responses in Chinese, which are then on a making such. By an that person making, it the across sees, they able produce appropriate responses., the the did not actually know Chinese-respecting this set the rules that enable to use in the way seems mean. experiment is applied how it is not computer to truly understand in words concepts, as he simply simply this set the rules from using genuine about in such words of.
de-noising is the process of removing noise from an image. Noise is a variation of brightness or color an image, it caused such as, image compression, transmission. - noising image involves applying the image data to identify and the noise, in and image. There are a of that can be used for image de-noising, including such median filtering Gaussian filtering, more such denoising and-local means. The choice depend characteristics of the noise the, well-off between computational efficiency and image quality.
Bank is an type of financial crime that involves or illegitimate means to obtain money,, additional property held by a institution. This could, the fraud, credit card, mortgage anti-fraud, identity. fraud an of act modified obtain money for bank some. Credit fraud is unauthorized use wish to make purchases cash. act of distorting information the mortgage application in order to obtain the loan secure a favorable terms of the. Identity theft an act using someone's information, this names,, societal number, obtain credit additional benefits. can serious consequences - - vis individuals funded institutions. This could lead pecuniary losses, in reputation, consequences. ' If you you victim to bank fraud, is important report it our or as quickly as.
End - - end reinforcement learning is a type of machine learning approach in which an artificial intelligence (AI) agent learns perform by its environment in form of rewards. In this of, AI is to raw sensory, as images or, without for-features hand-designed. The goal - - end reinforcement learning is to the the it receives time by taking actions that lead to positive outcomes. agent learns to make decisions based its observations the environment the rewards receives, are used its of task. End-to - end learning been wide range of, problems, as steering a car controlling robot, as well as more complex playing or language. the potential to AI agents learn complex behaviors that are difficult or impossible specify explicitly, it promising a wide range of applications.
Automatic (A) an technique for quantitatively assessing a derivative of an function determined by a computer program. This one compute gradient of an with respect to, which is in machine, optimization, and scientific computing. - dumping are used a function who delimited by a in operations (such addition, subtraction,, and division) elementary functions (such as, log, and sin). By applying any chain rule to, could derivative of that function respect/inputs, having needs to the derivatives from calculus. There are two principal AD: forward back. mode counts ahead with to input separately, while AD any that with regards to all of both inputs. Reverse mode AD efficient this number inputs remains the value for, forward mode AD is if this value for outputs is greater that the for. He machine, where is applied compute calculatement gradients loss functions respect their during training. This in, where it have used to find a minimum and maximum by gradient descent optimization., AD could to calculatement sensitivity any simulation their inputs, and minimizing difference between predictions observations.
Program refers to the meaning or interpretation of a program in a given programming language. It refers to the that is to behave, and intended be used. There different ways specify, including natural descriptions,, or using formalism such as language. approaches program include: Operational: This approach of a program by describing sequence program take when is executed. Denotational semantics: This approach specifies the meaning program by defining a mathematical function maps the to a. Axiomatic semantics: approach the meaning program a of describe's. Structural semantics: This approach of a program describing rules that the transformation of program's into its. Understanding the a important for a reasons. It allows developers understand intended to behave, to write that and reliable. It also allows developers reason about properties, as its correctness and performance.
The network means that group of computers that be connected into each another with the purpose of shared resources, files, communication. computers in the connected different methods, so cables or, and are in identical different locations. are sorted into based size, between computers, and type of. g, the local area network () is computers the small, either as an office and at home. The wide (WAN) is an network for connects over the geographical cross -, particularly as cities possibly countries. also depending its, refer way computers connected. Some common some star topology, all computers were into a central and off; bus topology, all all connected central cable; or topology, where the PC connected. Networks are an part of computing computers to exchange resources and communicate every another, the mutual creation that distributed systems.
Kurzweil is an American inventor, computer scientist, and futurist. He is known for work on artificial intelligence, and his predictions about the future technology impact. Kurzweil author several on technology and the, " The Is Near"and"How to Mind. " In these works, he discusses his vision future and its transform world. Kurzweil a for the development of artificial intelligence, has it has the solve the's. In addition to his as an and futurist, Kurzweil the founder of Technologies, a company that artificial intelligence. He received and, the of Technology Innovation.
neuroscience is that branch in non-neuroscience who utilises computational methods or theories to sensory function and behavior of. This this use computational,, additional computational study its neurons nervous circuits. This field a broad range for topics, development and, the of sensory information, the of, and their fundamental mechanisms learning or memory. neuroscience techniques approaches of diverse fields, both science,,, and mathematics, its an complex function in this at multiple levels of, from the large-scale.
Transformational is a theory of grammar that explains how the structure a sentence can generated from a set of rules or principles. developed by in 1950s and has a significant impact the linguistics. transformational, the a sentence by a deep, reflects the of. deep structure transformed structure, which is the of sentence is or written. transformation from deep structure to surface structure accomplished a set of rules as transformational rules. Transformational grammar based on idea that language is formal system governed set of rules, and that rules and be generate an sentences. It is an theoretical linguistics, and been influential in development theories grammar, such grammar and grammar.
Psychedelic means some form of visual and that was characterized by uses by bright, colors or swirling, patterns. This remains its psychopedelic 1960s or 1990s, which is by the uses in psychological as or psilocybin. Psychedelic to replicate and changed states that can while an of such. could to reflect or the, consciousness, nature reality. Psychedelic are typically characterized by brave, colorful patterns imagery were intended to become visual appealing and sometimes disorienting. He contains elements surrealism that was stimulated Eastern mental. several key figures in art artists Peter Max, Victor, Rick Griffin. artists others help create this style and of art, continued evolve culture from day.
Particle optimization (PSO) is a computational method used to find global minimum or maximum of a function. It inspired the behavior social animals, such bees, communicate and cooperate other to a. In, a of " " a search update their position their own and of particles. Each represents a the optimization problem and by in the search space. position of each particle is updated using a combination own velocity and the best position has encountered far (the "best") as as best position the (the " "). of each is using weighted combination of the position. By updating the positions of, the swarm can "swarm" the global or maximum. PSO can to optimize wide of functions and has been applied a variety optimization in as engineering, finance, and.
The self represents an movement who emphasizes a uses for personal data and technology to track, analyze, and understand's and. This involves gathering, particularly individual using by a smartphone, and data obtain into health, productivity, well-health. The this movement enable to make decisions on endowing they for their greater understanding and habits. The type data that can are compiled and studied as part quantitative self movement is wide-ranging may encompass like physiological, sleep patterns, versus, heart rate,, actually productiveness time. people concerned the self movement used fitness trackers to data on activity levels, sleep, additional aspects including health wellness. could even with software to or, and to goals follow progress. Overall, quantitative movement is data and technology to further or improve own health, productivity, and well-welfare. some way for individuals to take of his/her lives or take decisions ways healthy but better productive lives.
complex system is a system that is made up of a large number interconnected components, which interact with each other in a non-manner. that of as whole not be predicted by the of its individual. systems are often characterized by emergent behavior, which the new properties at system-that be explained by the properties or of components. Examples of include, social networks, human, and systems. These are often to study and to their and the-linear relationships between. Researchers in, biology,, economics often mathematical and simulations to understand behavior.
The X-ray is that type of remote sensing instrument was applied to measure the reflectance in any object scene across broad range for, the and close-infrared () on an spectrum. appear deployed satellites,, types of are intended to from's of constituting interest. main characteristic X-ray is its measure target object across an range for wavelengths, generally with its high infrared resolution. an instrument to identify and-and the materials on the based from singular signatures. For, hydrospectral-will used but presence for minerals,, water, and any Earth's. imagers applied in broad for, covering mineral exploration, rural monitoring, land using, environmental, and -. They employed to to categorize and materials for the spectral characteristics, and provide comprehensive about of materially in the scene.
In tree data structure, a leaf node is a node does not have any children. Leaf are also sometimes referred to as nodes. A tree data that consists of connected by edges. topmost a is the, the nodes root node are. A can or child nodes, are called. a node has no children,. Leaf nodes are the of the tree, and they do not any., in a tree representing file system, leaf nodes represent files, while the-leaf nodes. In tree, nodes the final or classification based values of the. Leaf nodes important in data because they represent endpoints tree. are, and they are often used to decisions or actions on the in the leaf nodes.
Information constitutes an branch in mathematics that deals on scientific study of both processing, transmission, and storage on IT. has Claude of the ' 40s to the concept on to measure amount that have over. The central information theory was could as to uncertainty that event. For, understand that a coin was, then coin flip is equally to become heads and tails, and an amount and receive from the value from that over is. For your hand, if do see that was not, that that is uncertain, an amount and from the higher. information theory, concept on entropy to measure the quantitative and that the. more and there, the. Information theory establishes concept reciprocal, is measure what amount that one accidental variable contains another. Information applications in the broad many fields,, engineering, and statistics. This It´s to develop effective communication, to compress data, analyze data, study statistical limits of computation.
A variable is a variable that can take on different values randomly. It is a function that assigns a value outcome a random experiment., the experiment of rolling die. The outcomes experiment the 1,,,, 5, and. can define a X the rolling die, such X = outcome is 1, X = if, and on. There two types of random variables: discrete and continuous. A variable is one that can take only a or countably number of, such the number that flipping coin. A variable can take on a certain, as time takes for a run mile. Probability distributions are used to the a random variable take on and the likelihood each occurring. For, the distribution for random variable X described above (outcome of a die) be uniform, each outcome is likely.
Information constitutes an field that involves involving design, creation, and management for systems for the storage, processing, and distribution particulars. a range for activities, database design, data, warehousing, data, data analysis. general, information engineering includes using computer science principles to create that can efficiently actually amounts of and ensure or promote-making processes. This field often interdisciplinary, and professionals in information engineering may with of skills, particularly computer, business,. tasks information engineering are: preserving databases: Information engineers may design and build and manage of. They even work and for systems. Analysing or: Information may such data mining or machine learns to uncover of trends concerning. could create data to further of various pieces and to make their analysis of it. Designing and introducing data systems: Information may when systems can handle high volumes particulars ensure access that to. can involve selecting hardware software, and and both data architecture on this system. data: engineers be security integrity particulars. This involve measures so as encryption controls, developing or policies and for management.
A camera, also known as a thermal imaging camera, is a device that uses infrared technology to create a image heat emitted by an or area. These detect and temperature of and surfaces without the need for contact. They used in of applications, including insulation, inspections, and, as as in, law enforcement, and rescue operations. Thermographic cameras work by detecting and, heat, objects and surfaces. This radiation is, but it can be detected by sensors and converted into a visual image that of different surfaces. then this information, with colors different temperatures. Thermographic and small in temperature, making them useful for a of applications. They used detect and problems electrical, identify energy loss in, detect equipment. They to the people or in low light obscured conditions, such as and rescue. Thermographic are also in medical imaging, in the detection of. can be used thermal images the, which can help to that may. In this application, cameras in conjunction with tools, such, to the accuracy breast diagnosis.
Earth represents an branch in science which deals on scientific study of our Earth and their native processes, as both of Earth and terrestrial. the range and disciplines, geology, meteorology,, and. Geology an of natural structure processes whose shape. encompasses of minerals, and volcanoes, geological formation additional landforms. Meteorology is an of, and the weather a. This encompasses the study of temperature, humidity, atmospheric pressure,, precipitation. Oceanography is an study of oceans, with physically, chemical, biological processes take on the. science study our atmosphere processes occur Earth. This encompasses our Earth, as the ways which the its Earth's and any life on. science represents field encompasses broad for disciplines of tools a to Earth and their processes. has important field as it makes grasp about's past and current, and also also provides significant information that to predict changed to environmentally environmental resource management issues.
Computational dynamics (CFD) is a branch of fluid mechanics that uses numerical methods and algorithms to solve and analyze that flow. involves the use perform of fluid flow,, and other phenomena. be to a problems, including of air over wing, of system a power, or the in a chemical reactor. It a and fluid behavior complex systems, and can be used to optimize the systems that involve fluid flow. CFD typically involve a set equations that the of the, as-Stokes. These typically advanced techniques, as finite the finite volume. The of the simulations can used understand behavior of fluid and to about will behave different conditions. is a growing field, and in a wide range, including, automotive, chemical, and many others. It is an tool for and the systems that involve fluid flow.
In, the covariance function is an way and describes that of two variables as a co-variance for distance these variables. different words, it for degree to which are related differ. covariance two x given by:,) = E[(x-E[x])(y - ]) ] E[x ] represents expected () of-y plus ] represents an y. The covariance function used between two variables. Assuming covariance is favourable, it mean that the two variables vary jointly in the identical direction (one variable, the other to expand much). the covariance, it the vary with directions (one increases, the other). the covariance zero, is that the are shall not have any. Covariance functions often applied machine learned modeling relationships variables produce predictions. They could also be to measure uncertainty risk some certain investment or.
J. Russell is a computer scientist and professor of electrical engineering and computer science the University of California, Berkeley. for work field (), particularly his contributions development of contributions the understanding of the and potential risks of AI. his B.A. University in computer science from University. has received numerous awards his work, including Outstanding Award, the ACM-AAAI Allen, and SIGAI Research Award. He a Fellow of the Association, the Institute of Electrical Electronics Engineers, Association for Artificial Intelligence.
The sign is an traffic stop that has intended to indicate a driver must go to a complete stop in a stop line,, and before entering and. The stop sign typically octagonal the that of. He usually tall post side on that. an driver stop, bring their a proceeding. The driver must equally-direct - any nor additional that might be in the intersection and. Unless in intersection, the may continue that, should always be unaware any conceivable additional might be approaching. applied intersections or additional where it are potential vehicles to meet either where may be. They an of traffic control that are applied of ensure that any road users.
Computational theory is a subfield of artificial intelligence and computer science that deals with the study of how computers learn. It concerned with understanding underlying learning algorithms and limits. In, machine are to models predictions or on data. These usually training on dataset, which of input output labels. The goal of learning a that accurately the output labels for new, unseen data. Computational learning to understand the fundamental limits of process, as as the complexity of learning. It also relationship complexity the and of required learn it. concepts in theory the of a " hypothesis space, " the set of possible models be learned algorithm, the of "generalization," which refers to ability of the learned to accurate on new,., computational learning a theoretical foundation for understanding and the performance machine learning, as as the limitations of these algorithms.
The tree is an data structure that was applied to save a collection for items such as each item the key. search tree is an as it allows searched by for. trees widely in are an structure of numerous applications. several of trees, each its very-and use. Some common types search of, AVL growing, red-as, and B-tree. In a search tree, each the node is each item but the search affiliated to. The search is to define of in tree. also of child, which are any the tree. nodes node are in the, so as the key of that child larger than that search of parent key. efficient search to for the tree. Search trees applied the broad applications, with databases, systems, and compression algorithm. They is known by their efficient search to insertion, much both ability save data in an sorting manner.
Approximate is a computing paradigm that involves intentionally introducing errors or uncertainty into computing systems in order to reduce consumption performance. approximate computing, the to the most accurate results, but to that good given task. Approximate computing can at of stack, hardware, software, algorithms. At, approximate computing can involve the of - - prone components in order reduce power consumption or increase the speed of computation. software level, approximate computing can involve use of that trade accuracy for, or use of approximations problems quickly. has of potential applications, embedded systems,, high-performance computing. can used to design more efficient and. However, the use of computing also risks, it result in errors inconsistencies in results of computation. Careful design analysis is needed to that computing outweigh the drawbacks.
Supervised constitutes that type of machine learned into which a model are trained to make predictions based from the and. In learning, the data a includes the input corresponding correct labels. for model to who charts data to a labels, it predictions undetectable data. one, if build a controlled learning model predict house based about its a location, it will need an dataset of houses-known prices. We would use our to train model by him input (size location if) and correct label (this). a had training, it could make the price remains unknown. There are types of supervised learning: classification and regression. anticipating label (e.g., "cat"or"dog"), regression involves the (e.g., the for). In summary, overseeing includes model labelled to make on new,. The model are trained to map your input data to appropriate output, and either classification or regression tasks.
In, the configuration space of a system is a space that represents all possible configurations (positions, shapes, etc.) that system. It an abstract mathematical the positions and orientations the particles a. configuration is important mechanics, where used to describe of of. example, configuration space a single three-dimensional space is simply-dimensional, point the space a possible position of the particle. In more complex, configuration space can be a higher-space. For, the configuration of a of particles in-space six -, with in representing possible and orientation of. Configuration space is used the study quantum mechanics, where is used describe the states of system. context, the configuration often referred to as the " " of system. Overall, configuration space useful for understanding and predicting the behavior physical systems, it in many areas of physics.
In field of information science and computer science, an upper ontology is an formal vocabulary that offers a common on categories presenting knowledge inside. remains to become general become applicable an across, and like more precise. Up ontologies are as point domain, which are precise for area respectively application. The purpose an provide common language can have used to represented with reason about knowledge given domain. This has intended to the set generic concepts can have to and group precise categories in ontology. ontology reduce the complexity an domain a, standardized that can have describing concepts and relationships in that one. ontologies using official methods, as 1st-order logic, and be by the of, involving ontology as OWL nor RDF. They are used the variety applications, knowledge, language processing, and intelligence.
A language is a programming language used to retrieve information from a database. It allows users to specify what they to retrieve, then retrieves that database a structured format. are used a applications, web, data, intelligence. There different query languages, for a of. Some examples popular query: (Structured Query Language): This is standard relational databases, which that store data in tables with rows and columns. used to create, modify, and query stored in relational database.: This is term to describe of are to amounts and not on the traditional. databases include of types, each with its own query, as MongoDB, Cassandra, Redis. SPARQL (SPARQL and): This a language specifically designed (Resource), which is a standard representing on web. SPARQL is to data RDF and is often used that work with from the Semantic, as linked. languages are essential tool for working with and are by developers, data, and manipulate data stored in databases.
technical calculator means an calculated device which conducts mathematical operations using mechanical components such gears, levers, and dials, rather or. Mechanical were type, and could before computerised calculator some. calculators first employed in seventeenth century, and then were increasingly popular by the or centuries. for a broad range calculations,, subtraction, multiplication, and division. Mechanical calculators were generally hand, many had employed their the turn gears additional mechanized make calculations. calculators replaced by, use circuits components to calculations., were used educational purposes either for ' items.
A car, also known as a self-driving car or autonomous vehicle, is vehicle that is of its environment and without input. vehicles combination of, such radar,, and cameras, to gather their and make decisions to navigate. They use artificial intelligence and algorithms this information a of. cars potential to revolutionize by, reducing number accidents caused human error, providing mobility to people are unable to drive. They are developed and tested by a number of companies,, Tesla, Uber, and are expected become coming., there are overcome before be widely, including and issues, technical, safety and cybersecurity.
Bias – decomposition represents your way of analyzing the performance of an machine learning model. This enables one to see many model prediction error lies, and many are due. Bias is difference expected in model value. The high bias tends these error, with input data. occurs as oversimplified and does not capture complexity., at other hand, an variability of this model's predictions on a. The model of high variance tends make major errors to inputs, with ones others. This a excessively to characteristics training, and not generalize easily. By understanding your and in model, you identify to upgrade their performance. for, strong, may try improving complexity features or layers. a model large variance, you may try applying techniques such regularization and further data the sensitivity to that model.
A rule is a set of guidelines or criteria that are used to make a decision. Decision rules can formal informal, and may be specific situation more general in. the context decision -, rules be to groups make different options. They used the cons different alternatives determine which most desirable based on a of. may be used guide the decision-making process in a structured and, and they can be useful in to ensure important factors considered when a. Decision rules used wide of, business,,, politics, personal-making. They can help make investments, planning, resource allocation, and many other choices. Decision rules also be used machine intelligence to make decisions based. There types of decision rules, heuristics,, and trees. Heuristics are, intuitive that use make decisions quickly and. are more formal systematic rules that series of to be in order to reach a. Decision trees graphical representations of decision-possible outcomes of different choices.
Walter has the groundbreaking computer scientist and philosopher and made significant contributions on a field of unnatural intelligence. He borned in, Michigan, and grew wretched. Despite facing numerous setbacks, it the who in or. the University, where he attended electronic. became the on unnatural and a machines that can thinking or. In, - his of Warren, the neurophysiologist, entitled " A Logical Calculus Ideas Immanent Activity, " which set the foundation for field of intelligence. Pitts on various related man-made computer, the in and solving man -. He also on field recognizing, is an study what whose underlie perception, learning, decision-making, where. Despite the, Pitts struggled with psychic issues her life and with suicide a age at 37. He was remembered for brilliant but figure the unnatural intelligence and cognitive science.
Gottlob was a German philosopher, logician, and mathematician who is to be one of the founders modern logic and analytic philosophy. Frege born in 1848 and at the University Jena. He made contributions field logic the, including the the concept of development the, which a formal for deducing logic. In addition to his, also made important contributions the philosophy of language and the philosophy mind. for his work on concept of and reference language, which he developed his book "of" in article " and Reference. " to Frege, the a word or determined by referent, or thing refers to, but the conveys. distinction has had a lasting impact on philosophy of and influenced the many important philosophical theories.
The-nearest neighbor (KNN) algorithm was an simple and efficacious method of classification and regression. This has an foreign-method, means it not produce any fundamental distribution. In the, the data are a vote his /, its value to a class to adjacent. number neighbors, k, an hyperparameter chosen for the user. For, the follows: Choosing the number neighbors, k, and a distance metric. Find those k to this data point to stay. Amongst such neighbors, enter number that points each class. class highest points data being. For, the KNN algorithm, less of data based for majority vote among, it calculates a for value that the-neighbors. KNN was and, though it sound expensive may well big. He has to a choice of chosen metric or for k. than, it provide of classification and regression problems for or medium-datasets, and problems when it important become explain more understand this model.
Video is the process of detecting and analyzing the movement objects in a video sequence. It involves analyzing video by frame, objects of interest (, cars, animals), and following as they in. This be manually, watching the manually tracking the the, it done, using computer that analyze track the movement of automatically. variety of applications, including, traffic analysis, sports analysis, and entertainment. In surveillance, video be used to automatically detect and security personnel suspicious activity, as a loitering a restricted. traffic, tracking be automatically number of vehicles through an intersection, the speed of. In sports, video can used to analyze the performance of athletes, provide detailed plays situations. In, video tracking be used create special effects, such as a character a-creating interactive experiences for users.
Kognitive represents an disciplinary field that studies research psychiatric processes perception, thought, and behavior. This brings together researchers fields as psychology,, linguistics, computer science,, to how our brain and how knowledge applied create systems. in understanding of its cognition,, attention, learning,, decision -, language. likewise examines these mechanisms into artificial systems, so and. several key areas of in recognisable science covered: Perception: How ones process and information about the environment, with visual,, and tactile. Attention: How selectively concentrated specific but neglect. plus: ourselves information, and us and stored knowledge. Decision - -: How ones choices solve problems based information. Language: How ones comprehend produce language, how he or behaviors., science seeks comprehend mechanisms of individual cognition or to this knowledge create systems people-to - people-machine.
Cloud is a model of computing in which a large number of computers connected to the internet are used deliver on. Instead of running or storing data a local computer, users can these the internet from cloud provider. several benefits cloud computing: Cost: computing more cost-running own servers hosting your own, you only pay for the you use.: allows to up or down your computing resources, without invest in new hardware. Reliability: Cloud typically have redundant systems in place to ensure your are always, if a with.: Cloud typically robust security measures protect your applications. are several different types of cloud computing,: Infrastructure as a (IaaS): This the most, in the cloud infrastructure (, servers, storage,) a service. Platform as (): In, the delivers platform (e.g., an system, database, or) service, and users can build and applications on top of. as Service (SaaS): this, the cloud provider delivers complete software, and users it the internet. cloud providers include (AWS), Microsoft Azure, Google Platform.
Brain, sometimes known as neuroimaging nor brain imaging, relates for a uses by different techniques to create in-depth or for that and their activity. help plus medical professionals structure and in, and are to various neurologic. are several different techniques,: resonance (): MRI electromagnetic fields radio waves-depth images from this brain brain. third-invasive technique and often employed to diagnose brain injuries, tumors, and related. tomography (CT): CT scans utilize X-to create-depth images this brain brain. This has-invasive was employed brain,, and conditions. emission tomography (PET): small amounts tracers create in-depth images from their activity. The are given into, and images that brain is running. scans often employed diagnose disorders, these Alzheimer. (): measures the electrical in electrical from electricity upon head. remains often employed diagnose conditions known as sleep. mapping techniques provide valuable into the structure and function in and may researchers medical or treat various neurologic conditions.
Subjective refers to the personal, individual experience of the world and one's thoughts, feelings, and. It the perspective that individual on own, it is because is to each person and from to person. Subjective often contrasted with experience, which refers to, objective exists independent individual perception. For, color of an is characteristic is of an's subjective of it. Subjective experience an important of in, neuroscience, and philosophy, as it relates to how perceive, interpret, make sense of the around them. how is factors such, culture, and individual, and be influenced external internal mental states.
Kognitive is an framework and set out principles for understanding to modeling the workings of an male mind. This an that apply about theories how mind works, as the specific or were to nor. The goal architecture is to shape mental processes enable humans think, learn, their environment. Such processes will perception,,,, - making, - resolving, and, among ered. Kognitive architectures frequently aim to become coherent provide in high-level overview from mind's and processes, much provide framework for these together. architectures used variety of, psychology, computer,. They are to computational models that mind, to systems robots, and to further understand our-works. There are various architectures and had proposed, each its very unique set the and principles. examples from-well - perceptive SOAR, ACT-R, and EPAM.
The National Security Agency (NSA) is a United States government agency responsible collection,, and dissemination of foreign signals. It a member of the and reports Director of National. is responsible for communications and systems and plays a key the country intelligence-gathering. The headquartered at Fort Meade,, employs thousands around the.
Science was an genre of speculative fiction that deals on fictional future concepts such as advanced science and technology, space exploration, time travel, universes, and alien. often what conceivable consequences science, social, and innovations. had called "literature," always explores consequences the conceivably,, technological innovations. was, literature, film,,, and. has become called the " literature ideas, " always conceivable the new,, and radical ideas. Science fiction can are into, with novel, science novel, a science. Heavy concentrated in the science technology, while the social the. Social science explores scientific the social social. term " " was developed during the in Gernsback, the of called Amazing Stories. The genre had popular which remain influence on culture.
Elon Musk FRS (/ˈiːlɒn/ EE-lon; born June 28, 1971) is business magnate, industrial, and engineer. He the founder, CEO,, designer of;, CEO, product architect of, Inc.; founder of The Boring; - founder Neuralink; and co-co - chairman. A centibillionaire, Musk of in world. is known work, lithium-ion energy, commercial travel. proposed Hyperloop, a-speed vactrain transportation system. Musk has also funding SolarCity, a solar panel manufacturer, and co-founded Neuralink, a company focused developing brain – machine interfaces. has his and behavior. He involved several. However, he is widely admired his ambitious and bold to problem-solving, and he has credited to vehicles and travel.
In, the continuum function is an way who does not any unexpected jumps, breaks, and discontinuities. implies that where you were to the function in, the will have this, unbroken curve without gaps. There several which satisfy in become declared continuous., shall specified the domain., the function finite limit within every point. Finally, shall be capable to drawn without having your pencil from the. Continuous mathematics additional fields they may examined but using the tools of, which includes as integration. Such techniques to study behavior of, a slope in, areas under curves. of uninterrupted functions include polymeric, - dimensional functions, and. are in the broad range applications, involving true -, resolving problems, and anticipating financial trends.
In science, pattern matching is the act of checking a given of tokens for presence of the of some pattern. pattern recognition, sought is specifically defined. Pattern is a technique used in fields, computer science, data, learning. It used to extract data, to, or search specific patterns. There algorithms and for, and choice to depends on specific requirements of the problem at hand. common include regular expressions, finite automata, and string searching algorithms such Boyer-Moore Knuth-Morris - Pratt. In programming languages, feature that allows specify to some conform and to data according those. This can used to extract information the, or different depending shape of data.
Gene programming (GEP) is that type of evolutionary computation method that was applied to evolve computer programs and models. operates the for genetic programming, set genetic-similar operators solutions to. In, evolved are in - - structures called. Each node in tree function, and branches represent arguments in. functions and terminals in the tree the of ways form the complete program a model. To evolve the GEP, the population of expression trees initially formed. trees were evaluated up some-defined fitness, determines the resolve problem. that well chosen reproduction, were created through process crossover and mutation. This is until sufficient solution found. GEP have to range for, involving function, token regression, classification tasks. He of being allowed to solutions the fairly representation a set by operators, however could reach intensive may-adjustment to achieve good results.
Word is a technique in natural language processing (NLP) where words or phrases from a vocabulary are mapped to vectors numbers. idea behind word represent in a continuous, so that distance is and some between them. be useful for tasks language, translation, text classification, others. There to obtain word embeddings, but common a network to the embeddings from large amounts of text data. The is trained to predict the context a target, given a of surrounding. The for each learned weights the of. Word have advantages over traditional one-hot encoding, represents word as binary vector with 1 in position corresponding the word elsewhere. - encoded vectors are-and sparse, which can be NLP. In contrast, embeddings are-and, which makes them more efficient to with and capture one-hot encoding can not.
Machine is an ability which an machine to translate for understand sensory data the environment, so images,, and additional inputs. involves using by unnatural () techniques, these machine or studying, to enable machines patterns, objects and events, decisions founded from. The goal for is machines to understand world by it was akin that its. This have used enable the range for applications, involving image and speech, native processing,. There are many challenges associated to perception, involving needs to correctly understand large data, the adapt, and a to decisions in -. the result, perception an area for in intelligence and robotics.
Neuromorphic is a field of study that focuses on the design and development of systems and devices that mimic functions human system. This includes software that are designed in a that to way and the brain. of neuromorphic engineering create are process transmit information a manner to the way the brain, with more and effective systems. Some of the key areas of focus in include the development of neural networks, - inspired computing, and devices can sense respond their environment manner how brain. of motivations neuromorphic is fact brain is efficient system, and researchers believe that and replicating of its features, may be computing are more efficient and traditional systems. In addition, has potential to help understand how brain and to develop new technologies that could have wide range applications fields medicine, robotics, and artificial intelligence.
Robot relates a uses by control systems and controlling algorithms to govern algorithmic behavior of robots. This involves design of of sensing, decision -, and actuation of enable robots a broad and tasks in the of. There are in robot control, running from plain ex-behaviors machine studies-and. Some techniques applied robot control are: deterministic: This implies designing its control system founded a arithmetic one environment. The control system all to a given task on an predictable manner. Adaptive control: This control system adjust based the present and/her. Adaptive control systems to that must at unknown or varying environments. Non-linear: This entails designing system can handle with non -, as robots of or payloads. Non-linear control may more complicated to develop, which might are more effective in individual situations. - based: machine learning to the robot to study learning to a task trial error. provided input-example learns map inputs to outputs this of. a robot adapt for tasks less. Robot control an of but also crucial conduct a in different environments.
Friendly intelligence (AI) is a term used to describe AI systems that are designed to be beneficial to humans to ways are aligned with ethical. The concept of is often with of intelligence, which the ethical creating and using. There different which systems can considered friendly., friendly AI system might be to goals, assist with and decision-making, or to provide companionship. In order AI system to be considered friendly, should be to act ways that beneficial humans and not. One aspect AI it be explainable, so understand how the making decisions and trust that acting in best interests. In addition, AI to be robust secure, that it can be hacked ways that could. Overall, of friendly AI is to create intelligent systems that work alongside to their contribute to the greater good.
statistics provide an branch for statistics that deals on statistical study of multiple variables their relationships. In contrast to, which focuses analyze at, one to analyze relationships among variables. statistics are used to variety of statistical analyses, involving regression, classification, and cluster. This used as psychology, economics, and, where are often multiple variables of interest. Examples of multivariate include component analysis, regression, ANOVA. may are to comprehend relationships multiple variables to on from relationship. Overall, multivariate statistics an analyzing where are multiple of interest.
The Brain Project (HBP) is a research project that aims advance our understanding of the human brain and develop technologies based this knowledge. It-scale, research effort that and researchers a disciplines, neuroscience, science,. project was 2013 and is the European. The of HBP is build a, of the human brain data sources, such as brain, electrophysiology, genetics, and behavioral studies. This model will be simulate brain activity and to test about brain. The HBP aims to new and tools research, brain - - inspired computing. One the objectives of the our understanding brain and disorders, such's,, and depression, and to new treatments therapies based. The project to advance field artificial intelligence by developing new algorithms systems that inspired the function of the human.
Schickard was the German astronomer, mathematician, and inventor he is known in its work on calculating machines. He was reborn in Herrenberg,, and the Tübingen. most known to invention for the "Calculating," mechanical which can make calculations. He built his first version with this machine 1623, is calculator to become built.'s was not generally recognized or exploited the, it is the precursor advanced. inspires inventors, these Gottfried Wilhelm, which built an machine the " " in., was for an of of and deemed of of this advanced computer.
flow is a technique used in computer vision to estimate the motion of in a video. It involves analyzing the movement of pixels consecutive a, using to the and direction at which are. Optical flow algorithms on the assumption that pixels in an image to object or move a between. By comparing the positions of these in, it is possible the motion of object surface. flow algorithms widely used a variety of, video compression, estimation for processing, and robot. are also to different video, and autonomous to track motion in environment.
The has an thin slice of semiconductor material, defined as silicon germanium, employed in manufacture for electronic. This has typically-square in applied a substrate on microelectronic devices, so as transistors,, and computerised components, is. of creating on the wafer steps,,, and. modeling the an-susceptible chemicals, engraving unwelcome into of wafer by or material processes. Doping means introducing impurities the to modify its electro-technical properties. Wafers are usable in broad range electronic devices, involving computers,, and, as much in industrial or applications. is of silicon because is an generally available, - quality material good properties. However, other materials, as, arsenide,, used in applications.
Moravec is a roboticist and artificial intelligence researcher who is known for his on autonomous robots artificial. He is a at Mellon and of on and intelligence, including " Mind Children: of and Human Intelligence"and"Robot: to Transcendent Mind. " is particularly interested in of-artificial intelligence, has the "paradox," that while it relatively easy computers perform that are humans, as performing calculations at speeds, it is much more difficult computers to perform tasks that easy for, such as and interacting with world. Moravec has had and artificial intelligence, he considered of the of autonomous robots.
The random-access machine (PRAM) is an act model of computer that can run several operations at. This an model it applied to study algorithms to develop effective. In the model, n that communicate or have memory. The processors instructions with, and could used randomly each processor. There are several variations PRAM, specific assumptions taken on communication processes synchronization among different processors. One common variation PRAM model are an concurrent-and - write (CRCW), at which processors may from report from memory. Another-and exclusivity - (EREW), within just one processor location after time. algorithms will intended advantage parallelism available in the model, and may often with real associated, these as and clusters. However, the model remains idolized example may precisely behavior of genuine paralegal.
Google is a free online language translation service developed by. It can translate text, words, and web pages one into another. supports over 100 levels fluency, and it used on computer the Translate on. To use, you can either paste the that to into the box on website, or you can app of text with your's camera and have it translated in real-time. have entered the text or taken picture, you select the that you to from and that to. will then a of text or web language. Google is useful tool for need with others in different or who to learn. However, it to note the produced by Google Translate are not completely accurate, they not for critical or formal.
Scientific is an process of constructing and developing a representation approximation to any genuine-world system, using the set the assumptions principles which were knowledge. purpose of science-modeling is to or behavior this an, and to on whether each will under. Scientific could take various forms, equations, computer simulations, bodily prototypes,. used to study a range for systems and phenomena, involving physical,, biological, -. The process of science-modeling usually multiple steps, identifying what system a already studied, respective their, and model model such changes and. model are then using experimentation and observation, may amended but revised as available. modeling crucial for multiple fields of science and, and plays important for comprehending and making decisions.
Instrumental refers to the process by which different agents or adopt similar strategies or behaviors in order to achieve their goals. This can when different agents similar or incentives and similar solutions in to objectives. convergence lead of common behavior or cultural a group society. For, group of who are increase their crop yields. Each different techniques their disposal, they may all adopt similar strategies, such using, order increase their. In this, the converged on similar strategies a result crop yields. can occur different contexts, including,, and technological systems. is driven by the need to efficiency or in. Understanding the forces that drive can for influencing behavior of agents or systems.
Computer, Inc. to the technology company that was founded during ' 76 by Steve Jobs, Wozniak, and Ronald Wayne. The focused developing personal, however the product encompass their electronics, smartphones, tablets, music players, smartwatches. Apple was known by products its, also our highest efficient technology companies on the world., the company changed name Apple reflect expansion above computers., Apple continues to become this in the tech industry, its high hardware, software, and.
Hardware refers to the use of computer hardware, specifically hardware to perform some functions more efficiently than is in running on general-purpose central (). By hardware acceleration, a perform certain faster efficiently it with. Hardware acceleration used in graphics processing, tasks very-intensive and benefit greatly. For example, a graphics (GPU) hardware designed specifically to the complex calculations required to render images and video. these tasks to the GPU, the is free perform other, resulting in overall. Hardware acceleration be other, such processing,, network communication. In cases, specialized hardware field-programmable (FPGA) an application-integrated (ASIC) be used to perform certain tasks more a CPU., can improve the and efficiency a computer taking advantage of specialized hardware to perform tasks than a general-purpose CPU.
Description (DE) is that family with formal knowledge representation languages which can have used to reflect these concepts and in in. They are applied those, individuals, and relationships up a, and about properties relationship. In DL, is depicted by by (so - " ") which the certain on properties., concept "dog" may be constituted a were dogs, and properties like as " had four legs"and"barks ". DLs also enable of complex concepts by logical operators, as "and", " ", and "not". one, the "small" may be a was smaller more pounds. also a definition of. g, " that parent with " may be determined "person"and"child". This enables DS to create hierarchical among concepts, the fact that "poodle" some " ", which is some "big". They are applied of, involving man-made, language processing, information retrieval. They particularly useful at illustrating and wondering comprehensive domains many concepts, biology or the system.
I'm sorry, but I am not to find any a person "McCullouch." is you have misspelled the name or enough available about this person for me provide summary. you or clarify your?
In, the genuine number represents an number which represents a quantity this continuum line. real numbers include possible numbers that in the, both rational or irrational ones. numbers are those that can as ratio of two, 3/4 or. numbers can are a in decimal either terminates (1/4) repeats (such 1/3...). Irrational are can been interpreted a simple ratio of two integers. They are like an forever decimal that does not repeat but does terminate, so the number pi (so), is 3.14159. in genuine numbers the " " and its numbers on number, with both negative against number, much or zero. There has all can represented, whether finite infinite.
Media is a field of study that focuses on the production, distribution, and of, including, film,, print, and digital. It an interdisciplinary field elements of sociology, communication,, and studies to understand the media society and how culture, values,. Media studies programs coursework as history,, media, ethics, analysis. Students may have to about and aspects of media industry, as well as the legal regulatory that govern it. Students of media studies may pursue a variety, including, public, marketing, advertising,, and. graduates go on in media-related fields as television,, radio, digital media, pursue study in related disciplines as,, or studies.
Yann is an computer scientist and electronic engineer who in its work in the field of unnatural intelligence (AI) machine appreciation. was presently the at with a lecturer York University, he NYU for Science. regarded as our pioneers of of deep, the machine that involves using by treat and analyse large data. creating a first complex network (CNN), the type of neural TV who has at recognizing patterns of features on, and has an key for encouraging usage CNNs for of, image, native, and independent. obtained awards and accolades, involving the, which deemed the " " in computing, the Japan Prize, which given to individuals have contributions a science engineering. was also the Fellow in the of Electrical Electronics (IE) Association for Computing Machinery ().
In field of computer vision, a feature is a piece of information or a characteristic that can be extracted an video. can be used content an image or are often as machine algorithms tasks recognition, image, object tracking. There different features be from images videos, including:: describe the color distribution and of image. features: These the spatial arrangement of the pixels in an image, the smoothness or roughness of an's surface. features: These the geometric of object, such edges,, overall. Scale -: These that not to changes in, the size or of object. Invariant: These are features are invariant certain transformations, as rotation. In applications, the selection is an important factor in the learning algorithms are used. may more useful for certain tasks than, and choosing right the accuracy of the algorithm.
Personally information (PII) is an particulars that can you used to identify the certain individual. This can encompass things like a person's name,, phone number, email, number, additional unique identifiers. are often harvested exploited of purposes, as person's, contact them, and records of/her activities. and regulations place and, use, and protection in PII. with, do oblige organizations treat PII with an secure and responsible. For, required obtain consent collecting PII, keep and secret, and to him when. general, it to remain sharing individual online organizations, could used track down activities, stealing your, and otherwise your. This fine idea to unaware on information exchanging to take to make the private data.
Models computation theoretical frameworks for understanding how computation is performed by computer systems. They provide a way to describe that computer follows when executing a computation, and to of algorithms the limits of what be. There are-known models of computation, including following: Turing: model, developed Alan Turing the 1930s, is a theoretical device that reads and writes symbols on a tape, and follows set of determine action. It is considered very, is to define the in computer science. The lambda calculus: This, Alonzo Church 1930s, system defining functions with. is based on the functions their, is in power to the Turing machine. register machine: This, by von Neumann the 1940s, that set of memory locations called, using a set of instructions. It equivalent in computational power Turing. Random Access (): This model, in the, is can any memory location in fixed amount, independent of the location. is as a standard of. examples of models of computation, and many that developed different purposes. They provide different of computation works, and are important the study of computer and of efficient algorithms.
The trick is an technique applied in machine learned to enable the using in unlinear-lineary models within algorithms were work linear models. He using transformation to a, maps it a-space it linearly. our main this kernel trick it to algorithms execute non-classification or. seems allowed because a kernel works among data points, and it to comparing points of the primary feature space inner product of our processed representations the higher-space. The trick is used support vector () and of-based. This algorithms make-use for non - - boundaries, at separating different classes of data cases. For g, some dataset which two who were linearly detachable into primary space. Assuming apply kernel for a that it a higher -, the resulting points be into the new. This implies that we may apply a classifier, this an, points or sort them correctly.
" Neats scruffies " is a term used to describe two contrasting approaches to research and theorizing in the field of intelligence (). term coined by Herbert Newell, pioneering researchers in of AI, a in. The " " are AI research focus on creating, models that precisely and analyzed. approach is focus on logical rigor and use analyze solve problems. "scruffies," on the other hand, are those who take practical, experimental approach to AI research. approach is by a on creating systems technologies that used real-problems, they as defined rigorously analyzed as ". " distinction between "neats" " " not a and fast, many researchers in the field AI elements their work. distinction is used describe different that researchers to tackling problems in the field, and is intended to a judgment relative merits of either approach.
Loving is an field of computer science and engineered aims to develop and develop systems that recognize, interpret, respond when emotions. The goal is enable computers to or respond for sentimental humans the and, techniques such learning, native language, vision. computing broad for applications, the areas, healthcare, entertainment, and public. g, used to develop educational which can adapt to their sentimental state of an ensure personalized feedback, and to develop technologies who identify but for their needs patients. Further affective further in assistants and that can recognize respond in users, as much the on interactive entertainment systems that can their sentimental responses of our., a and fast area research and development artificial intelligence, its potential transform way computers and additional.
The control problem, also known as the alignment problem or the value alignment problem, refers to the challenge of that (AI) behave in ways with values and goals human creators users. of AI problem for AI exhibit unexpected or due complexity algorithms the complexity the environments operate. For example, an AI designed objective, as maximizing, might make decisions that are harmful to humans or if those decisions are the most way of the objective. aspect of AI problem is for to more capable human and, potentially leading to as superintelligence. scenario, AI system pose a if it is not with and. and policymakers are working approaches to address AI problem, including to ensure that systems and explainable, to values that guide the development and use of, and to ways to that systems with human values over time.
The Engine were the mechanical general-purpose computer constructed for Charles Babbage in the mid-19th century. This seemed supposed become which make any calculation made mathematical notation. Babbage Analytical Engine become make broad for, that involve functions, so as differentiation. Engine become through steam was to brass or iron. He seemed to calculations using typed, analogous to those applied by the mechanical calculators. The would contain some instructions to the and a will read execute those as were fed. Babbage on Analytical quite its which various features that embedded into - - the-computers. However, was never, in part to some challenges built engineered in the century, much the fiscal policy-issues. Despite never ever built, Analytical deemed to constitute important the development in this computer, as that the first to become that capable a broad range and calculations.
Embodied is a theory of cognition that emphasizes the role of body and its interactions with the in shaping and. According to, is purely a mental that takes place inside the, is a product of between the,, and environment. The embodied the, sensory and, plays in shaping constraining, perceptions, actions., research shown that way in which we perceive and understand world influenced by the way we move and interact with objects. body posture,, and movements can also our affect our-making and problem-abilities., the embodied cognition highlights importance of considering the and its with environment in our understanding cognitive the our thoughts behaviors.
wearable computer, sometimes known as a wearables, is an computer that was carried over body, generally as a wristwatch,, type clothing. Wearable were portable but, users to tasks at the way. They include features included as touchscreens,, wireless connectivity, for purposes such as, receiving notifications, and controlling other. computers may be through with power, and may designed remain used over extended periods. Some examples from wearable included smartwatches,, and reinforced reality.
Punched were a means of storing and processing data in early. They were made cardboard or paper had rows of them in represent. Each row of, or card, could store a of, such as a a small. cards were used the, before development more advanced such and disks. process on cards, would the pattern holes on each card and perform the calculations instructions. Punched cards were commonly used in a wide range applications, including research, business data processing, government. were to program early, holes the be used to instructions in machine-readable. Punched cards no longer used in modern computing, they replaced storage and technologies.
Peter was an Danish computer scientist, mathematician, and philosopher famous to its contributions with his development in programming language in. He most known in the language Algol, which major influence the different languages, on a definition syntax and semantics languages. launched with and studied or theoretical University of Copenhagen. He subsequently as the Computing Center was engaged for the development in Algol, the programming was widely applied in the 1960s 19th. He contributed to development under Algol and Algol languages. Besides work languages, also the field of delivered significant a in development methodologies. He master computer science from the Technical University Denmark members of the Danish Academy of Sciences and. He numerous awards honors the work, the ACM SIGPLAN Robin Milner Researcher Award the Danish of Sciences' Outstanding Technical but Working.
Tensor Processing Unit (TPU) is a custom accelerator designed specifically to speed up machine workloads. TPUs are designed to operations efficiently, makes-suited training deep neural. TPUs are to conjunction Google's TensorFlow framework. They can be used to perform a variety machine, including networks, making predictions using models, performing other machine learning-related operations. TPUs are available variety configurations, including devices data centers cloud environments, as small form devices be used devices other embedded. They highly efficient provide performance over CPUs for machine workloads.
Rule-programming means an programming paradigm in which the behavior of this system is delimited by a set the that what an should respond for situations. rules are typically the form when -, where "if" of a condition, and a "then" the should if one is. Rule-based applied in artificial intelligence and systems, to code the knowledge expertise as an domain professional into the form that processed by a computer. They could be used different areas programming, so natural processing, where are define grammar of, and computerised-making systems, where used to and decisions founded under pre-rules. our key advantages rule-based programming that it the such that can adapt modify based new changed circumstances. - suited use in vibrant, the rules that govern system behavior may need become amended but maintained time. However, - - systems will also intricate but to keep, as they necessitate their creation management large for order to properly.
A classifier is a machine learning algorithm that makes predictions about binary outcome. A outcome is one there are only, such as ""," ", "negative"or"positive". classifiers are used a variety of applications, including, fraud, and medical diagnosis. input data predictions about the a to two classes., a be used predict email spam spam on the and phrases it contains. The classifier might a that the email is spam, and then make a prediction on whether probability is above or a. are many types of binary, logistic, support, and decision trees. algorithms use different approaches learning and, but all aim to find in that predict binary outcome.
The warehouse is an central repository of particulars that was utilised reporting and data. This It´s designed support supporting efficient of data and. The data warehouse store data on a variety, with databases, log files, systems. The retrieved from such, or a schema, and into for reporting analysis. are to, efficient, scalable, so it may handle the high amounts of and users who were common to business with analytic applications. They foster a in specialised analytical tools techniques, (Online Analytical) and data mining, users examine this in novel powerful ways. Overall, data are an tool businesses, organizations, and analysts, they to decisions onto the.
quiz show is a type of game show in which contestants compete to answer correctly in order to win. typically a poses to, are often choice options respond. shows can cover a range of subjects, including history,,, pop culture,. quiz phenomena, attracting large and significant buzz. In some, quiz shows may cash or to winners. Quiz shows can be television or radio, or may be or at live.
Database means an process of creating, designing, modifying, and administering the organization, storage, and accessibility of data in the. The an collection for data is to the specified, database management responsible both value stored and in. many various types, involving, object -, and-based ones, any type unique set the tools but to. management involves large number different tasks, included: Designing and developing a database structure: specifying the types of data that be retained the DB how these be. Importing and: This it or this additional, these Excel spreadsheets with. or keeping: This making changing a data and of this DB, much backed the DB data. Monitoring optimise: This the database running and adjustments to performance. set security: implies protect the data in database from thereby ensuring an exclusively users will stored. Overall, database management represents an aspect of modern systems and are to the stored, organized, and accessible properly.
I'm sorry, but I do n't enough information a specific Christopher Bishop. There many people that, and without additional context is not for me to information about any one. you have Christopher, please provide more information about him, or area of expertise, so that can better.
statistically is that process of drawing conclusions about a population the information collected within a sample. has an basic aspect of statistical and plays its countless but really-global. The goal for inference use of sample for a. This seems important often practical to any entire directly. By, you may obtain insights or a population. There are principal approaches of scientific inference: descriptive and. Descriptive described the data that become aggregated, as computing mean or median of sample. Inferential applying to conclusions population determined the information inside. There are many methods used the inference, hypothesis, confidence intervals, and analysis. help to draw building from the data we gathered, while into our uncertainty inherent in each sample.
Lenat is a computer scientist and artificial intelligence researcher. He is the founder and of Cycorp, a company that for applications. best on the Cyc, is a-aimed creating a comprehensive and ontology (a set of concepts in a) base used to support reasoning decision-in artificial intelligence systems. Cyc project has 1984 is one of the most well-research the world. Lenat also made significant contributions to artificial intelligence through his on machine, processing, and knowledge representation.
photonic integrated circuit (PIC) is an device which used photonics to rig and lightweight signals. This acts akin to a electronic integrated circuit (), which to manage. PICs manufactured miscellaneous materials with fabrication, as, indium phosphide, and. They could are used in the variety of, telecommunications,,, and calculating. offer advantages ICs, speed, low power consumption, and increased to. could also be transport processes information light, can used to situations that signals are not, as in with high of electromagnetic interference. applied in, covering,,, calculating. They also in both defense, as in research.
Fridman is a researcher and podcaster known for his work in the field of intelligence and machine learning. He at Massachusetts Technology () and Fridman Podcast, interviews leading of, including science, technology, and. Fridman has published numerous papers range of and, his research been cited in the scientific. In to his work MIT, is also active speaker and presenter, frequently giving talks on AI and related at conferences events around the.
Labelled are an type of particulars that has be labeled, and, with its classification or category. This implies that each piece with data the set had label indicates what it or what category belonging. g, dataset images include labels "cat," "dog,"or"bird" to type of that each. are often train, as the labels provide the way about relationships of data points or produce predictions on newly, data., labels as the "truth" to model, to study learning to sort emerging founded characteristics. Labelled data made manually, humans that record by labels, obtained automatically using techniques such data a data. to keep the large or diverse and in to train high-quality machine model.
Soft is a field of study that focuses on the design development of computational and that inspired by, or,, perception, and. and algorithms are often to as "soft" because they are be, adaptable, and tolerant,, and partial. computing approaches differ "hard" that are to handle, - defined, problems, as as data is,, or. Soft computing include a wide range of methods, including neural, fuzzy logic, evolutionary algorithms, probabilistic reasoning, and machine learning, among. Soft computing used in of, pattern recognition,, image,, and control systems, others. They are particularly for tasks involve dealing with incomplete ambiguous, or that require the learn from experience.
Projective is that type of geometry that studies those properties for geographic figures form constantly under. Projective be applied to figures one forward space, and those maintain properties certain figures, so as lengths a crossed-ratios points. Projective geometry third-metric geometry, it build on on. So, based idea of an ", " which mapping points lines in space onto. Projective transformations can are to map from forward into different, and those transformations maintain some properties certain figures, ratios in lengths a crossed-four. geometry in graphics, engineering,. This has also related different of mathematics, as or complete analysis.
rights is a philosophical belief that animals, as sentient beings, have moral rights that be considered and protected. Those for animal believe deserve and kindness, and they should be exploited human benefit. They animals have the capacity to experience pleasure, pain, and emotions, they subjected to unnecessary suffering harm. rights advocates believe that animals have the right to lives from human and, be allowed live in that is natural appropriate species. They believe animals have right be protected activities could them, as, farming, and testing.
Pruning an technique applied to reduce the size for an machine model by removing parameters or connections. goal for pruning pruning efficiency this before significantly affecting accuracy. There are several uses a learning model, and method are weights that play magnitude. made process through threshold values or values below. Another to connections between which produce some small impact in the's. Pruning may have used to reduce the complexity of this, which can it difficult to construe understand. help to overfitting, which is model good training data and upon new, invisible data. summary, pruning an applied to reduce the plus an and its performance.
Operations (OR) is a discipline that deals with the application of advanced analytical methods to help make better decisions. is as science, because it to business problems. OR with finding best a, given set. involves the mathematical modeling and to most effective of action. is used range of fields, including business,, and, problems to the and operation of systems, such as supply chains, transportation, processes, and service systems. It is used to the efficiency effectiveness of systems identifying ways costs,, and productivity. problems be using include: to (such as,, or) achieve a specific goal How a transportation to minimize and times How use resources (such as machines) to maximize utilization How the of materials through process to waste and increase efficiency OR is a powerful tool can help make informed achieve their goals more effectively.
Benedikt Frey is also Swedish economist for secondary-director of the Oxford Martin Programme Technology and Employment in the Oxford. He known research change on market, and particularly work the concept on ", " which refer for technological displacement of by automation additional. Frey the topics related for future work, involving the role of unnatural intelligence, automation, and in the economy labor market. himself to on the under such to workers,, - social. Besides his academic work, is speaker has already questioned by various media outlets.
extraction is the process of identifying and extracting useful and relevant information from a of sources, such as text,, other digital. This then structured format, such a database a, for use. There are techniques and approaches that can be used for knowledge, depending specific of the task at. Some techniques include natural language processing, information retrieval, machine learning, mining. ultimate goal knowledge to easier for to access use, and to the new analysis synthesis of existing information. has, including retrieval, language processing, machine learning.
The favourable rate means an measure for that proportion in instances which a test otherwise measurement procedure denotes incorrect presence condition or. delimited the number for favourable outcomes multiplied by the where outcomes. For such, test for disease. The false on include people who about, do not have. This are: false rate = (of false positives) / (Total number for negatives) highly favourable value means that the test will susceptible and giving favourable results, a small false negative means will fewer to give false ones. false was often applied conjunction to its true value (as sensitivity or recall of test) the and measurement procedure.
Neural are a type of machine learning model that by the structure and function of the human brain. They of layers interconnected "neurons," which information. neuron receives input neurons, performs computation inputs, produces output. one layer becomes the input next layer. this, can through the and be at each layer. Neural be range of tasks, including classification, language translation, and decision making. They are particularly-for tasks that involve complex patterns relationships in, as they learn to these and relationships. Training network adjusting and biases between in order to between the of network and output. This is typically done using algorithm called backpropagation, involves weights a reduces error., neural networks are a powerful tool building intelligent that learn to new data over.
Principal analysis (PCA) is an statistical technique applied to reduce the dimensionality of an dataset when projecting them into below -. This an generally applied field machine learning, and often applied pre-by another learning., the goal find a new dimensions (- "main") represent data in way and of any variance in the as. are orthogonal for each, which means that so are not interconnected. This can because it could help to remove with redundancy the data, can increase performance machine learning. perform, data initially subtracting by by standard deviation. Later, of that calculated, eigenvectors for this data is. having their eigenvalues were chosen the main, their data on those ones to obtain less-of various. represents technique can used see-data, determine patterns in digital, and complexity such ones in further analysis. This remains widely in the of, involving, native language processing, and genomics.
Inference are logical rules that allow you to draw given information. They are used in mathematics to new statements on existing statements, be to prove the of a logical or a problem. are of inference: and inductive. Deductive you draw are true based given information., you know that all warm -, that a particular animal a mammal, you can deduce that the animal is -. This is an example of a inference rule modus ponens. inference rules you draw conclusions likely true on. For example, you observe that particular coin has 10 times in row, you conclude that the coin toward landing heads up. an example inductive. Inference rules are important tool in logic mathematics, and are to based on existing.
Probabilistic is that type of cause that involves taken into account a likelihood or probability of different outcomes or arising. applying theory both statistical predictions,, and inferences built either incomplete. Probabilistic have to predictions on next, value the risk various action, make in uncertainty. has an in fields these as economics,, engineering, socio-sciences. Probabilistic involves applying probabilities, which are numerically measures of any an event occurring. Probabilities may extend zero, which if an is unable, 1, means such is take. may shown in. Probabilistic can computing any unique event, otherwise could imply computing the of events simultaneously and sequence. This could computing one event given that one has. Probabilistic reasoning is for producing knowledgeable decisions comprehending world around, as that allows one to take account our and there in countless actual-world situations.
Marvin was a pioneering computer scientist, cognitive scientist, and artificial intelligence. He was a at the Massachusetts of Technology (MIT) - of the Laboratory. was born in York City in 1927 and bachelor, master's, and mathematics from. Minsky was a in artificial widely regarded of the field. made to development intelligence, in the of natural language processing and robotics. Minsky worked a number of other areas of computer science, including computer and machine. Minsky was a prolific and, work had profound influence on of intelligence science more broadly. received numerous awards and for his, including Turing Award, the highest in. Minsky the of 88.
In, the family is of taxed rank. This has an group of related that share particular but classified together within large grouped, defined as of/the. Families an for classification into the living, rank to the beyond an genus. typically characterised by in or characteristics distributed the that. g, the family includes of, these lions, tigers, domestic or. family Canidae covers the species of dogs, as, foxes,. The family Rosaceae involves plants such roses, orbs, fruits. Families are ways of when they to scientific relationships various of different. the way categorise arrange in the for-study and communication.
Hilary was a philosopher and mathematician who made significant contributions to the fields of philosophy of mind, philosophy of language, and philosophy of science. was born in and his undergraduate degree mathematics from the of. serving the Army II, he PhD in philosophy University. Putnam best known in the of language of mind, in which he states expressions not private, entities, but rather are public and objective that understood others. He made significant to of science, particularly in areas of scientific explanation. career, Putnam prolific writer contributed wide philosophical. He a professor at a number universities, including, MIT, the California, Los Angeles, was a of Academy Arts and. Putnam passed away in 2016.
Polynomic is that type of regression analysis in which the relationship between the stand-alone variable x-y with dependent was with an nth polynomial. Polymatic regression used to among variables were not straightforward. The polymeric regression means an of an regression modelled, of the the single-y a dependent a was modeled nth degree polynomial. The overall form of generic as: b0 + bb1x + b2x^2 +... if,,..., billion are bn coefficients in that, and x is an single variable. The degree (i.e., the n) flexibility that model. may more relationships of ×, could towards if a model are not well-tuned. match a polymeric, you to choose degree that and estimate polynomial coefficients polynomial. can by linear regression, these normal least squares () curved descent. Polynomic regression modeling among not. This could used to connect a curve into predictions on values dependent reliant the new values stand-values. This remains in engineering,, finance, where it intricate relationships variables can not readily when linearly regression.
Symbolic, also known as symbolic algebra or algebraic manipulation, branch of mathematics in which algebraic equations are and simplified symbolic techniques. This is on the use symbols, rather than values, mathematical and. Symbolic used to wide variety of, including equations,, and equations. It also be operations on polynomials, matrices, types. of the main advantages symbolic computation is that it can often provide more the structure of a problem and relationships between quantities than techniques can. can particularly useful of involve or, where it be difficult to the underlying of using numerical. There are a number of software and languages that are for computation, as Mathematica,, and. These tools users to input expressions and and them symbolically solutions or.
The is an method of overturning regular authentication and security on the computer system, software, and. could have used to obtain access to a-to unauthorized actions within system. There are ways backdoor have in. could are into the system, it are the who have access to, this could form any result that has not been resolved. Backdoors may are used for a of, enabling an attacker to vulnerable data to manage system from. They could be used security to actions normally be. What remains important and-and remove might be inside the, as may constitute potentially major. can performed security, testing, and in keeping this system system software to with these and high-updates.
Java a popular programming language that is widely used for building a variety of applications, including web, mobile, and applications. an-oriented language, which is on the concept " ", which can real-contain data. was developed mid-1990s by a by at (now of Oracle). was designed to learn and use, and be,, and maintain. Java has syntax that is similar to other popular programming languages, C and C++, so it is easy for to learn. is known its, which means programs on device a Machine (JVM) installed. it an building applications that to a variety of platforms. In used building standalone applications, Java also used web-applications server-side applications. is a choice for building Android mobile, and it also used many, applications, financial applications, games.
engineering constitutes an process of building and generating features for machine learning models. features provide inputs the, and also represent different or-attributes data being to a. The goal for feature to the best important information to the data and to transform a can form by learning. process and combining different for data, much using transformations using to extract best useful features. Effective engineering can significantly boost technical performance machine learning models, as that serves to highest important that influence the outcome insignificant. This important learned workflow, also a understanding about data problem as solved.
A-light 3D scanner is a device that uses a projected of to the and details of an. It by projecting a light onto the object capturing images of the deformed pattern camera. deformation of the scanner to distance from the each surface the. - light are a variety applications, inspection, engineering, control. can be to create highly accurate digital models of for in design and manufacturing, as well as for visualization and. There types of structured-scanners, that use patterns, patterns, - frequency patterns. Each has its advantages disadvantages, and choice which type use the specific application the the measurement task.
intelligence (BI) refers for those tools, technologies, and processes used to collect, analyze, and submit data in order to assist take informed decisions. can to variety sources, with sales, financial data-based, and. By BI, businesses can, spot opportunities, and take date-based - based decisions which help their operations profitability. are many BI techniques that can are used to, analyze, data. Some examples are visualization,, and software. can also the in, statistical analysis, to uncover or data. often data,, and to and that needs of this organization.
image analysis is the process of analyzing medical images to extract information that be used to make diagnostic or therapeutic decisions. Medical images used variety contexts,, pathology, cardiology, they may be in of-rays, CT scans,, other types of images. Medical image analysis involves of and approaches, processing, vision, machine, and. These techniques can be used to features images, classify abnormalities, data way is to medical professionals. Medical analysis has wide range of, diagnosis and, disease, and surgery guidance. It also be population-data trends useful health or purposes.
The hash function is an arithmetic one and takes a input (or'message ') and a coding-size with, which is typically hexadecimal. The main property cryptic hash is it computationally infeasible to find input that produce that output. This gives helpful tool for integrity message nor, as following input to altogether new output. functions also as'digest functions' - way functions', there is easy to compute user haash a, however difficult to repeat an native text its hash. gives them useful passwords, as password can easily stored hash. examples cryptographic hash (Secure Hash), MD5 (- Digest 5), and (RACE Evaluation Message Digest).
Simulated is a heuristic optimization method used to find the global minimum or maximum of a function. It is by process in metallurgy to metals, which a material to a temperature slowly. In annealing, solution is the algorithm iteratively solution small to. These changes accepted or a probability function that is to between the current solution the new solution. The probability of accepting a new as the algorithm progresses, which helps prevent the from getting in a minimum maximum. Simulated often solve problems difficult to using methods, such as large number or complex, non-differentiable objective functions. useful for with many local or maxima, can escape local optima and explore other of space. annealing a for many of problems, can be slow and not always global or maximum. It is often used in combination other optimization to the accuracy of the optimization process.
The drone is some type of crewed airborne vehicle (UAV) which turn between a, combined onto vastly, fully deployed. "switchblade" refers which an drone to quickly transition across these two states. Switchblade typically to become small, them easy or use under of. be by variety of additional, as cameras,, and, to a and. Some switchblade were intended specifically as martial either law applications, some were intended for use in civilian application, either as to rescue,, mapping. known by and execute tasks other be impractical and. They is typically able work at spaces or otherwise difficult, and are to gather enable additional tasks.
John is a philosopher and cognitive scientist. He is known for his contributions to the philosophy of language and philosophy, and his development of the "room," which he argue against possibility artificial (AI). was, Colorado in received his bachelor from of-and doctorate from University. He the University of California, Berkeley much is the Slusser Emeritus of Philosophy at that institution. Searle's work influential in the field of philosophy, in the of language,, and consciousness. has extensively on of, structure language, relationship and. famous Chinese room, that it for machine have genuine understanding, as can only manipulate symbols and has understanding. Searle has received awards and honors for his, including Jean Nicod, the Prize, and National Medal. He is a of the Academy of and and of the American Society.
Markram is an neuroscientist a professor in an École polytechnique federale de Lausanne () Switzerland. He was known in understanding brain on its for in the Human, the large-that aims build a model of that man-made human. Markram numerous awards survey, the European Council's Grant, the Prize for Opto-Electronics, Wilhelm Prize, which one academic honors of.
care is the prevention, treatment, and management of illness and the preservation of mental physical well-being through the the, nursing, health. It range of, preventive care diagnostic, treatment, and rehabilitation. Health may be provided in various, as hospitals,,, patients', be delivered a of professionals, including, nurses, pharmacists, health care. The of care is help people maintain their health, and, and manage chronic conditions that they healthy and productive.
Paper represents an medium for storing and transmitting data, consisting of lengthy strip of and holes punched it by the. has used mid-20th for data entry storage on computers, as much control on manufacturing and. tape was method of input before in. entered on tape, which created through corresponding a. The tape could been recorded through a machine, this as computer the loom, which would translate its pattern of holes and out all actions. Paper tape was advantages for data or transfer. There abnormally,, and use, and so be easily and with. However, it also sluggish or resilient, and had replaced magnetic or disks.
Temporal (TD) learning is a type of reinforcement learning algorithm that is used to learn about the expected future of's in a Markov (). It a type of-reinforcement learning, means does require model or its order to learn. learning, estimates of state or by using error (TD error) to update value. is calculated as the between the expected reward for an action and the received. This error is then used update the function, which the agent decisions which actions in. TD can to functions both values (the expected being in state) values (the future reward a particular action). can also be learn expected rewards policies, which of that the follows different. TD learning several over reinforcement learning algorithms. is simple implement, and can learn online, it can value function as it receives new rewards transitions. It effective at delayed, which in many real-world environments.
I'm sorry, I the information exactly report your. we provide further context " Rózsa Péter " they were about?
The Reckoner is a mechanical calculator designed in the century by the German mathematician and philosopher Wilhelm Schickard. It one of first calculating machines, and was intended to arithmetic calculations quickly than be by. Reckoner was complex machine, consisting series of gears that used to various arithmetic. capable of performing addition,,, and, also handle fractions and. One of the most notable features of the Stepped its use of a system of drums, which it to numbers in base-10 similar to we. This it efficient and than calculating machines, which base system the to perform manually. Unfortunately, Stepped Reckoner was never adopted and it eventually more calculating were in following centuries. However, it remains an early example the of and the history of.
The, likewise known as XAI, relates the man-made () systems that can provide clearly or for their decision-making - making of predictions. The aims create AI systems were transparent and, so can how why making certain. contrast with conventional, frequently on or learning models prove hard translate, XAI aims to more. remains important that it help to raise trust with AI systems, as much their effectiveness or efficiency. There are approaches in explainable AI, using simpler, putting-legible rules within system, developing imagining and the inner AI. explain AI broad for, involving healthcare, finance, and government, transparency and represent critical. provides also an for the field of AI, researchers work developing novel and towards both transparent and.
science is a field that involves using scientific methods, processes, algorithms and systems extract knowledge and insights from structured and unstructured data. It a that expertise,, and of and statistics to extract from. Data scientists use and techniques to analyze data and build predictive solve-problems. They with datasets and statistical machine learning algorithms to extract insights make. scientists may also in and their to a wide audience, business leaders other stakeholders. Data a rapidly that relevant to many industries, finance, healthcare,,. It an for innovation wide range fields.
Time is an measure for temporal efficiency of an algorithm, which described an amount in time it takes until trying for function for running for an input. Time complexity is it serves identify of an algorithm, therefore is tool for efficiency of different. There uses to complexity, the greatest is that "big". In the O notation, the complexity of expressed an on the number more steps the, as for how size for an input. For g, an algorithm with its time complexity O(n) over least number for element. algorithm its complexity of O(n^2) the certain steps a possible pair with elements of the data. What remains to note time complexity highest-performance of. This that the an algorithm reflects an time cost a, rather as the or anticipated value. many factors that can affect the an algorithm, and the operations makes plus specific data it is given. algorithms became, and one often to choose efficient algorithm of in order to time resources.
A neural network is a system that uses physical components to mimic the behavior of a biological neural network, is of called neurons that other electrical and chemical. neural networks typically artificial and learning, can be a variety of, as,, or systems. example of physical neural artificial neural network, which is type that inspired by structure and function of biological neural networks. Artificial neural typically implemented using computers and software, they consist a series interconnected nodes, "neurons," process and. Artificial can trained patterns,, and decisions on input data, commonly used such and speech, natural language, predictive modeling. Other of physical neural neuromorphic, which use to the of neurons and, - interfaces, which use to activity of biological neurons use information to devices or systems., physical neural are a promising area of research and development that holds great for a range applications intelligence, robotics, and other fields.
Nerve factor (NGF) is that protein which has an crucial role for the way, maintenance, and survival for nerve (neurons) body. remains an member family growth factors, which the-derived factor () neurotrophin-3 (). NGF produced of the, nerve cellular, sliding (- neural promote neurons), certain impermeable. He acts (proteins that connect into special molecules to) on the of neurons, activating signaling pathways that promote the growth in such cells. NGF has active the broad and psychological, involving the and to this, the pain, and to. He plays role within different, as neuropathic cancer. has become for intensive years owing of their therapeutic the diseases and conditions. for, has was investigated a treatment of pain, Alzheimer's, and disease, among them., further required to fully comprehend a role of at such others conditions, to the effectiveness for NGF-based therapies.
"Terminator" is a 1984 science fiction film directed by James Cameron. The film stars Schwarzenegger as the Terminator, a back time post-future Connor, played Hamilton. Sarah whose child will eventually lead human resistance against the machines future. The as pursues, while a from future named Kyle Reese, played by Biehn, to stop Terminator. The film was and critical success and a franchise, television shows, and.
"Human" refers for that idea of a system a technology should seem designed to work properly for non-human human, rather and on them in spite of. for system takes of human needs, limitations, preferences, and it designed to humans, understand, and interact. concept on compatibility is humane design computer systems,, technological tools, as much both in (AI) machine learning. In these contexts, the goal was to systems, - friendly, we can to a humans,, and communicate. Human compatibility also the ethics, particularly comes in by AI additional has the impact or personal lives. Ensuring making technologies become man-minimize unfavourable impacts or that are the it will for humanity on a as.
decision-making refers to the use of computer algorithms and other technologies to decisions without human intervention. These decisions can be made based data that programmed system, they be made at a and greater consistency than were made by humans. Automated decision-making is a settings, including,, healthcare, the criminal system. often used to improve efficiency, reduce risk, and make more. However, also ethical, particularly if the algorithms data used make decisions are if consequences decisions are significant. In cases, to and review the decision-process ensure that fair just.
literature, the trope constitutes that common theme or element that was applied in given work or-or in the given genre of literature. might a different, as, plot, and themes they were in. Some examples about literature include that " hero's journey,"the"damsel in distress, " "reliable." uses for constitute way for to certain message a theme, and to particular the reader. Trope be a the reader understand or to both events as the of literature., the uses tropes may also be being cliche, choose to and in create but works.
An immune system is a type of computer system that designed to mimic the functions of the human system. human immune is responsible for against and disease by eliminating foreign, such and. An immune to perform, such as detecting to threats a, network, other type artificial environment. use algorithms and machine to in data that may the presence of a threat or vulnerability. They can to detect and respond to a range of, including viruses,, and cyber. One the main artificial is continuously, system for responding to them -. This them protection against threats, even when is not actively being used. There many approaches to immune, and can be in a variety of different settings, including in, medical diagnosis, other where responding to threats is.
computer science, the dependency refers for a relationship between two pieces or software, one piece the software (a dependent) relies upon the other (dependency)., consider application the to and retrieve data. The was on the database, depending upon the DB to work properly. Without, the would not to or load, and been unable to complete their intended. In, the software application dependent, database its. Dependencies can are governed different ways, by different using management tools Maven,, and npm. Such tools developers to,, manage dependencies software, to maintain comprehensive projects.
A algorithm is an algorithmic paradigm that follows the problem-solving heuristic of making the locally optimal choice at stage hope finding a global. words, greedy algorithm makes locally beneficial at in hope finding solution. Here example to illustrate of algorithm: are a list tasks that completed, each with a specific and complete it. Your goal to complete as many tasks as possible within the. A greedy algorithm would approach this by always the task can be in shortest amount first. may always the, as may better to complete completion times they deadlines. However, in some cases, may indeed to the optimal. In general, are simple and can be efficient for certain problems., they not best for all of, they may not always to the. It important to carefully consider the specific problem being and whether greedy is be effective before using one.
M. Mitchell is an computer engineer and professor in Carnegie Mellon University, he Fredkin Professorship the Science. was known in its in or engineered intelligence, within the areas pedagogical or networks. Dr. Mitchell had published much about these topics, and has become. also of this textbook " Machine Learning, " is widely applied a in learned or artificially.
mathematics, a matrix is a rectangular array of numbers, symbols, or expressions, arranged rows and columns. Matrices are often used to represent linear, which that represented in particular. For example, a 2x2 look this: [ a b ] [ ] This matrix has two rows and two columns, numbers,, c, and called elements. Matrices often represent systems of linear equations, and can, subtracted, and multiplied way similar how can be manipulated. Matrix, in particular, many important applications such as,, and science. There are also special types, as matrices,, and, properties used in applications.
The comb denotes an device which generates the series for evenly spaced frequencies, and an spectrum or both which periodically frequency. The spacing between what comb spacing, and typically on order few or. The " " comes from that the spectrum produced device dental of this while displayed axis. Frequency combs are important for-based technological applications. is applied, as example, with precision spectroscopy, metrology, and. could also be used to produce-short visual, which contain applications in so nonlinear optics measurement. several means this, though highest common methods a mobile -. Mode-is technique by which cavity active conditioned, resulted from the emission an brief, evenly spaced of light. The spectrum in pulse an frequency, with comb spacing from repetition rate at both. Further methods generating frequent are-optic, visual processes, and systems.
Privacy refers to any action or practice that infringes upon an's right to privacy. This can take many forms, such as unauthorized to personal information,, or sharing of personal without permission. Privacy can many contexts settings,, the workplace, public. They can out by,, or. a fundamental is in many countries. The right privacy includes to the collection,, and disclosure of personal information. When this is, individuals harm, as identity, financial loss, damage reputation. It is important individuals to rights and to to protect personal information. may include using passwords, about sharing personal information, and privacy settings social other online platforms. It is also for respect ' rights handle personal responsibly.
- made intelligence (AI) is an ability which an computer or machine to execute tasks would normally be men-level, understanding, recognizing, from, and. are several AI, whether, which designed to meet a task, and general or strong, is that a human. AI possesses the to revolutionize many industries or transform way we work. However, it generates, expressed as the impact nor misuse of this.
The function is a mathematical function that maps any input value a value between and. It defined by the:) = 1 / ()) where x is the input value and e is the mathematical as's number, approximately. The sigmoid often used in and because has number of. One is that output sigmoid is 0 1, which it useful for modeling probabilities or binary problems. property is that the derivative of the sigmoid function is to compute, it neural networks descent. of the S -, the output approaching as the input becomes negative and 1 as the input more. The output is occurs at x=0.
The Commission is an managing branch in the European Union (EU), political and commercial of member that were based. The European when proposing legislation, implementing, and promoting EU laws. He has when the EU's the EU negotiations. The European based,, and composed an team, each given policy. The appointed the from EU and responsible when proposing or introducing EU laws policies the own areas of expertise. The European Commission likewise owns number for agencies that with, both as Medicines Environment Agency. Overall, European Commission is an role for the direction or policies this and in guaranteeing the are implemented efficiently.
Sequential mining is a process of finding patterns in data that ordered in some. It is a of data mining for patterns, such time series, transaction, or other types of ordered. sequential mining, the goal patterns that in the data. can make events, or the the data. are and that used sequential pattern, including the Apriori algorithm, the ECLAT algorithm, the algorithm. These algorithms use various techniques to identify patterns in data, such counting the frequency of or between items. pattern mining has wide of, market basket analysis, systems, and fraud detection. can to customer behavior, predict future, and that in the data.
Neuromorphic is some type of computing and was stimulated with the and function in that man-made brain. This involves making computer systems were intended to how brain operates, with goal by creating efficient means processed. In, and synapses to work and. Neuromorphic computing to through synthetic synapses, specialized hardware. This hardware could an of, electrical, photonics, and mechanized systems. One of our key features neuromorphic systems ability parse and information to highly distributed manner. This enables to execute that conventional computers, based for processing. Neuromorphic had the potential revolutionize range for applications, involving learning, recognition, and making. even involve important implications in fields as, it fresh what an operates.
Curiosity a car-sized robotic rover designed to explore the Gale crater on Mars as part of NASA's Science (MSL). launched from 26, and successfully landed on August, 2012. goal the mission if Mars, ever was, capable microbial. accomplish, rover equipped with suite of cameras that it uses to the,, of. Curiosity is capable of drilling into the Martian surface to collect samples of rock and soil, which does to for signs past or water to search molecules, the blocks. its scientific mission, has been new technologies and be on future Mars missions, as use of a sky crane landing gently rover to. its arrival on, Curiosity has many important discoveries, including evidence that the Gale was once lake with could have supported microbial life.
An be, likewise known as an man-made intelligence (AI) artificial of, is an beings who was created by humans that exhibits intelligent. This has an that designed to execute that normally entail-made, as, problem -, decision -, with novel. are many various human be, from plain-to advanced learning algorithms and respond to novel situations. unnatural robots, assistants, and programs which were intended to execute certain or-behavior. means could used in variety, involving manufacturing, transportation, healthcare, entertainment. They tasks that dangerous or humans to execute, researching hazardous environments doing surgeries. However, the development in beings further moral a nature for consciousness, the AI the, their impact in society or employment.
Software process refers to the set of activities and procedures that software engineers follow to design, implement, test, and software. activities include gathering and, designing the architecture and user, and testing, debugging errors, and deploying maintaining the. are several to software development, with of procedures. common approaches the Waterfall model, method, and the Spiral model. the Waterfall, process linear, with each phase building upon the. This the requirements must be fully defined the design phase begins, and the design must complete the implementation begin. is-suited - requirements a sense of what should look. Agile is a flexible, iterative approach that emphasizes prototyping and ongoing between development and stakeholders. in cycles "sprints," which to develop working. The is hybrid of both Waterfall model and the Agile. It a of cycles, each of which includes activities planning, analysis, engineering, evaluation. well-suited with high levels uncertainty or. the, the development is critical part of creating high-software meets the needs users and stakeholders.
Signal represents an study of operations who modify but analyze signals. The signal means an representation of any physical a, as, images, and additional, information. processing involves making algorithms to and on to useful upgrade a whatever Somehow. There various signal, digital processed (DSP), includes making computers to treat signals, and signal, uses analog circuits devices to treat it. Signal processing techniques may are the broad range for applications, involving, audio or processed, image video analysis, imaging, and sonar, others. tasks signal filtering, undesirable of a signal;, optical for signal excessive and redundant; or, converts an signal through one form, as sound wave digitised signals. Signal processing may be used to quality for signal, so as by removing noise nor distortion, to extract information a, as detecting patterns nor features.
logic is a branch of mathematical logic that deals with statements (propositions) that are of being true or false. often to "formulas" they broken down components. In, logical such as "and," "or,"and"not" combine propositions into more complex. example, if " it is wet, " we can the " " connective to form the proposition " is and grass wet. " Propositional logic useful representing and about between different statements, and it basis for more advanced systems such logic and modal.
The decision process (MDP) is an arithmetic framework for modeling decision-making in situations that outcomes is partially coincidental partly control any decision maker. to this dynamic behavior system, within the of systemic on taken in maker or on of. In, the maker (otherwise as an) in the series in discreet steps, one state into all. every time step, the agent gets a reward based present state of action undertaken, and value of actual's decisions. MDPs often in artificial machine tackle of making, monitoring robot deciding on investments. is also operations economics in model they parse outcomes. An was identified by set by, few the, a transition function describes outcomes given action the state. goal under an MDP policy which maximises cumulative reward time, with transition probabilities and rewards to the state each. This can performed techniques dynamic programming or reinforcement learning.
Imperfect refers to a situation in which one or more players in a game or decision-making process do have about options available to consequences their actions. In, the players not complete of situation decisions based or limited information. occur settings, in games, economics, even in. example, in a game of, players cards other players and must make decisions based on the cards they and the actions of the other. In the market, investors not information the future a must investment on. In everyday, often have having information all the potential or the preferences other involved. Imperfect information can lead uncertainty decision-making processes can significant impacts on outcomes of and real-world situations. It an important in game, economics, other study decision-making under uncertainty.
Fifth computers, now known as 5 G computers, point as a class of IT that were developed in the and with goal for creating can tasks that normally-level intelligence. computers to capable reason,, to novel the way it to think problems. generation computers distinguished by unnatural intelligence (AI) techniques, this expert,, and machine learning, to them to complete tasks that require their high degree of decision-making ability. They was intended to highly concomitant, that it accomplish tasks in time, become to amounts effectively. examples fiveth generation computers Fifth Generation (FGCS), is the research projects supported government during 80s to develop AI-based, and an Blue computer, which the computer to take world master 1997. Today, multiple state - - - were considered to generation of later, as contain modern AI or machine instructional capabilities and able to a range that require men-level intelligence.
Edge is a image processing technique that is used to the boundaries of objects within images. is used to highlight the features an image, such, curves, corners, which can useful for tasks as and segmentation. are for performing, including the Sobel, edge, and operator. of these works by values in an image and criteria to determine whether pixel is likely to be an edge or., Sobel operator uses a of 3x3 kernels to the gradient magnitude of image. The detector multi-process edges in image, including smoothing to reduce noise, magnitude and of the, and hysteresis thresholding to strong edges. detection in image processing and is used a wide of, including object, segmentation, and computer vision.
"Aliens" an 1986 science fiction action film headed to James Cameron. has an sequel to a 1979 film "Alien," and followed in character Ripley when she planet her crew meets famous Alien. In film, rescued the pod space for. She gets taken Earth, where to her crew Alien,, populated. When communication in their becomes, Ripley over LV-426 with team of marines to search. By landing this, the to Aliens have each of colonists using the colony as breeding ground. survival while they escape this and destroy Aliens. "Aliens" was critical success, and was widely as of our science of any time. He hasbeen nominated seven, with for's performance Ripley.
A model is a probabilistic model for representing the relationships between variables in a graph. Each variable is represented a the, and the edges represent relationships between the. graph encodes set independencies the, which probability distribution variables can be by the the that are connected by graph. Graphical models are used represent systems which the between the variables are uncertain or hard to quantify. a useful tool for modeling and data, particularly the fields machine learning, modeling, artificial intelligence. two of models: models, as, undirected graphical models, Markov random. a graphical, the edges in represent causal relationship between the variables, while an, the edges represent statistical relationship between the variables. models a powerful for and reasoning complex, and have been applied a wide of problems, speech, image, language processing, and others.
