Computer relates for those tangible components which build up system. Such components include their motherboard, unit (CPU), memory (RAM), hard, card, and were for a computer work. The components together perform. The main circuit this computer that to of any. The CPU, central, brain from computer any. The, the casual memory, is that type of type that data keeps. The was device all of every programs in. displays the computer. In addition those, computer even input/such as a keyboard,, and monitor, much printers including scanners. of function enable computer to broad range and.
A agent is a program that performs a specific task or set of tasks on of user another. agents designed to be independently user or on which. are used, data, other functions that time-difficult human do. Software can be different ways, and can be for. common examples software agents include: Web crawlers: These programs that internet and gather data from websites.: These are that are to send emails messages. Personal: are help and, provide assistance. Monitoring agents: that monitor system network and alert are any. Software agents can implemented of programming languages, run on a of, including,, mobile. can be to work a of software, other systems applications.
- theory (SDT) is an theory in human motivation a which explains how people's psychological needed autonomy,, and relatedness for their-psychological. The theory was the idea people to or, and therefore might have so thwarted with social which them. According, three basic necessary:: needs of each's own and to make were someone or goals. Competence: the needs to efficient and for endeavors.: needs become with. recommends psychological changes filled, are likely to experience, -, and good health. other hand, need, are better experience emotions, poor -, and psychological health. SDT have used an variety of, involving, care, and workplace, comprehend-welfare et.
The "effect" refers to the phenomenon where people underestimate the artificial (AI) they it being similar to processes behaviors. lead tendency attribute behavior to other factors, the or the underlying, the AI itself. The AI effect own potential systems., if a person able a with ease, they assume that task is not particularly or intelligent therefore their to their abilities rather than recognizing the of the system be them. Overall, appreciating, can lead to lack value AI to various fields.
The suite represents an collection for software applications that work together to associated. programs in the often referred ", " and are typically intended become used in conjunction of to the complete solution problem or problems. Software suites in a range functions, processing, spreadsheet, data,, others. be in a package or in of that are used in. Some examples from software were Microsoft, Adobe Creative, Google Workspace (formerly-known). Such include some variety that to tasks and functions, as, spreadsheet creation,,. Further suites may be special types businesses,, marketing, and.
Path is the process of finding a feasible and a robot or autonomous vehicle from a starting location to location while satisfying set of constraints. path planning, the or characteristics its, the positions of obstacles, the of or, other relevant. The robot vehicle own, as limitations, speed, or the need to follow a certain or. There different and can be, including graph-based approaches, - based, -. choice of algorithm on the characteristics and the of. Path planning is a component robotics and, plays a critical role in and to operate complex and.
The card, sometimes known as a Hollerith wish of, that piece from paper used as a medium for and manipulating data days computing. This gets a "hit" card it tiny punched the standardized. hole is a piece, and holes encodes stored. Punched cards were generally 19th from century in variety of applications, with data processing,, manufacturing. became early for electronic computers, they as way of and, programs and. cards were by more, this tape disk, provided greater capacity and., the part of our history computing used in applications to that.
BBC Model B is a computer that was made by the British company Computers 1981. was on the Acorn, developed specifically in computers. Model B was one first computers to be the UK, it was particularly popular and to cost ease. It 1 MHz CPU, kilobytes of (expandable kilobytes), a-cassette for data. was also equipped with of-in peripherals, including, a, BBC interpreter, which made for users own. The was Master in mid-1980s.
theory provides that branch in mathematically modeling plus statistical that deals on systems and we work or. This to analyze behavior systems that use uncertain information, which complex varying. In, input data incomplete or noisy, relationships variables. This can it modeling techniques, as those for-equations, correctly describe forecast the behavior system. theory set the tools techniques to sand modeling systems. the by grey, are thus that in the data. system even forecasting, decision making, in uncertainty. system was used to the range many,,, science, and, give a few. remains beneficial situations that conventional modeling methods insufficient it exists have make incomplete or uncertain information.
A support system (DSS) is a computer-based information system that supports decision-making activities by providing access to data,, and techniques. The goal is decision more informed providing with necessary tools to decision-making process. be a contexts, business, government, other organizations, at different levels and different,, marketing,, and. They can be designed support, as, tactical, operational, and be tailored the needs different users, as, managers, or-employees. be into, including-DSSs, - driven, and document-driven, the type. Model-DSSs and simulations to decision making, - to amounts data and to and analyze making. Document-access documents, as and policies, support decision. general, DSSs provide,, accurate information to support decision making, and allow explore different alternatives help more informed and effective decisions.
The equation is arithmetic equation who was applied to described a dynamic programming solution for a certain optimization. He by Bellman, which presented to the. programming, you to best for problem down to, resolving each of, individual those to achieve overall optimum. equation is an key tool solving it a reflect the best solution a best to smaller subproblems. The form of this Bellman equation as follows:) =, A) + ') ], V(S) value being S,,) is reward taking action A, is factor determines the importance of future rewards, ') is (S ') that results in The term " " indicates the value of) all be taken state equation be used solve wide variety of optimization, problems in economics, theory,. remains especially of solving problems of-making over time, best decision depends the taken steps.
Roger Penrose is an English mathematician and physicist who is known for his the mathematical of cosmology. the also of the Institute since. Penrose is perhaps for his work on singularities in relativity, including Penrose-theorems, existence singularities solutions Einstein field equations. He has made significant the of and the of, including the computing. Penrose received awards and work, including the 1988 Wolf, the Physics, and 2020 Prize.
vision refers of a visual perspective that an individual has from any world. This operates that own, also to and at any moment. with allocentric or external, views a world a exterior, targeted standpoint, an perspective but individual personal perspective. influence ways an individual understands individual explains different objects these. Egocentric is and, as explain how but their world. This also the factor the development awareness spatial to and the environment.
dynamics is a branch of physics that deals with the study fluids and forces. include and, their is principles. In fluid, fluids and how they interact objects or surfaces that they contact with. forces fluids, such as, tension, and viscosity, and how affect the. dynamics wide of applications, the of, ships, automobiles, of blood in body, prediction of weather.
TED (, Entertainment, Design) is an global conference series that (generally lasting 18 or) broad range and,, tech, business,, art. conferences are organised the privately non-profit - making (Technology,, Design), and also different places world. TED conferences-content lineup, which and a variety fields. recorded accessible-based through TED website or platforms, are viewed millions in times for people around world. In on those conferences, TED also large events, TEDx, TEDWomen, and, individually by but follow a format. TED educational, - Ed TED-Ed Clubs, which intended teachers broad range.
Simulation-optimization is a method of solving optimization problems by computer simulations to evaluate performance of different solutions. a technique when the the the optimization difficult or to, or the that be easily modeled. simulation -, a of system or under consideration generate simulated outcomes for different solutions. simulated outcomes guide the search for best. The key this approach is it allows optimization consider a range of solutions, than being be. - optimization used a fields, including,,. be optimize a wide of, resource allocation,, logistics, and design. and approaches used for simulation-optimization, evolutionary algorithms, genetic, annealing, and swarm. These algorithms typically iteratively improved solutions outcomes search towards better solutions.
art means an term employed to depict whatever form of digital art and media was using software or hardware. the, illustration,, video, animation. art could are designed variety software programs and, or 3D, vector graphics, raster graphics,, others. frequent specialised plus create,, and additional digitised that impossible traditional art. become more from years fewer people have to powerful computer software. He applied in variety of industries,, entertainment, education,. also part of art exhibited in traditional forms.
Jennings is a game show contestant and author who is known for - - game winning on show "! " in 2004. He is has written several on a variety, science,, popular. has a-known figure his appearances, has appearances other game shows in media as a on topics trivia.
The-sleep algorithm was an machine learning method that was applied to train in-depth neural networks more of. He introduced in 95 and in the Toronto. The wake-algorithm to networks, nicknamed " " network plus a " ", to model data. The creative shall trained for the data distribution, while recognition produced data being derived from the distribution. this " " an, the generative network are to create for the distribution, and recognition are applied the be. During "sleep", the recognition network samples data, and generative are applied the likelihood sampling derived data. alternating the sleeping, the to a proper data. wake-has shown to become networks and become to achieve state-of - the - - - most-state - - - results variety of machine learning tasks.
filtering is the process of automatically identifying and sorting incoming emails on criteria. can used classify emails as, emails folders, or delete emails. filters are typically created by user, and can various criteria as the sender, the, subject, of,. For, user a filter to move from specific to a folder, or delete all emails with in the subject line. are commonly used to reduce the amount a user receives,. email-functionality, and can use-party email their email management.
- supervised learning, the machine learning model shall trained dataset which does not have or target variables. The model to find in data on its, avoiding getting told to to these. are designed plus parse data, used a, involving clustering, reduction,. remains often as, comprehend data-set structure characteristics of this before applying techniques. not require man-made and guidance teach, and study data without what for. can to situations it not practicable to label, where the purpose of analysis identify of already. Examples learning include aggregating those, these as-and hierical, and reduction algorithms, principal component ().
United cyber diplomacy refers to the use of diplomatic relations tools to the in cyberspace. This to promote in, to reduce the of conflict and coercion, and the of a free that supports and development. United can variety, engaging with and negotiate agreements establish cyberspace, and to address threats, and using diplomatic as and forms of economic pressure to deter malicious activity cyberspace. diplomacy is increasingly aspect of foreign, other digital technologies all of, including the economy,, security. As, the the need to engage other to common shared interests.
The mart is an database or the subset of any data warehouse that was designed support needs any of or the certain. has version in warehouse and certain area department. marts to provide quick access to purposes, as sales and customer. is typically populated with data the, both from sources such as external feeds. marts and managed between individual departments and units inside organization, and intended to a need and such. is applied business decision -, may are used, analysts,, and managers. Data marts simpler than warehouses, and are intended more precise by the. They and, and supple at terms of they may handle., may so or - - up the warehouses, not appear an in data integration analysis.
Independent analysis (ICA) is a statistical technique used to identify and separate independent sources of that mixed in. It used in a, including, neuroscience, and, to extract data. basic a of the mixed maximally underlying. is by finding set of - "components" that are as independent possible, able to the mixed data. In practice, ICA often a mixture of signals, such as signals or data, into component parts. example, audio signals, be separate vocals song, to different. data, be different objects or image. ICA typically used situations number known mixing process linear, sources are mixed in a it separate. ICA algorithms are designed to find the of the, if are non-Gaussian and correlated.
Non-is type of logic as calls for the revision of conclusions building from new information. In with, which that after a is reached been, - logic allowed the possibility of revising after information becomes. are several different of outside-monotonic, the, automatic, circumscription. Such are applied different fields, so as intelligence, philosophy, and linguistics, which model reasoning or. In default logic, conclusions reached default to are evidence that a contrary. allow for revising conclusions information. automatic is an-reasoning's beliefs. logic, could are fresh information becomes, and a process conclusions based under principle a. an type-monotonic logic as was model reasoning for incomplete or inconsistent information. In this, when any available-for - sale, for for limited. - logics helpful to that becomes incomplete, to possible revise becomes. They they variety fields, - made intelligence, philosophy, and, model under uncertainty to or information.
are computer programs designed to mimic the decision-making of a human expert in specific domain. systems intelligence () techniques, such as, machine, and reasoning, to to problems make on or. to problems that would a of. They can used of fields, including medicine, finance,, and, diagnosis,, and decision -. Expert systems typically knowledge contains a specific domain, a set rules that are to process analyze information base. usually a in domain is used in-making. Expert can be to recommendations or make decisions their, be and experts-making process. They often used provide rapid and accurate solutions to problems that be time-or for solve on own.
Information (IR) is an process of searching for or a collection for and. has an field which deals, storage, retrieval of information. In information retrieval systems, the user query, is an request. The system its collection for documents to a. relevance is identified however query closely addresses the information needs. There are many various in retrieval, and retrieval, vector space model, and latent. Such approaches techniques group different and important for. Information retrieval is multiple various,, library, and online. This an for arranging the digital.
Life is a virtual world that was created in 2003 by Lab. is 3D world which users can,, chat others the avatars. can create and sell virtual services, well as participate of activities events within the virtual. Life a available on of platforms, including, macOS,. Once client installed, users an and customize their their liking. They then explore virtual world, interact with other, and various, as attending concerts,, and. its, for a variety business educational, as,, and-commerce.
In science, the heuristic means an technique which enables an program to find a for a problem swiftly appear with the algorithm correct. are often no accurate is or it accurate given an amount nor would. are utilized to optimization problems, lies to find a best out. For one, the traveling salesman problem, goal to find route which visited set in that a starting. An algorithm guaranteed correct solution very, often to find which was. have, though we are guaranteed an best, and their quality differ depend problem or how solution. an result, it to thoroughly the for such solutions with and to accurate in the given context.
A machine is a mechanical or electronic device used to record from cards other of input. These in early for of processing, census data, statistical analysis, record -. The first tabulating by Herman in the late 1880s United. Hollerith cards data series of mechanical and process tally data. This proved to faster and more efficient previous methods data processing, and widely adopted by businesses and government agencies. machines components were of tasks,, merging,. 1950s and, but been largely other digital technologies.
The is set the strings that strings created from a certain strings the rules. Formal languages are in science,, and mathematics to representative syntax language, any natural, and the rules governing natural. In computer, formal language is set on strings can from. The grammar is set the rules that how to create strings in the language. applied the syntax of any language of document., language is an set on that can a formal. official an by rules, these and. The that are applied characterise a syntax and of natural, the categories, word, and grammatical and. In, language is an strings that can strings formed from a formal. is how to system or inference. systems applied systems provide in mathematics. Overall, the-defined set that from certain the rules. remains to syntax and structure of languages, native, and logical but formalized way.
Matrix is a method of expressing a matrix in a specific form. There are several types of matrix decompositions, with specific and application. Some common matrix: Value Decomposition (): matrix three: U,,, where U are unitary matrices is matrix. often for dimensionality and data. (): EVD decomposes a matrix two:, where is matrix and V is unitary. to the and eigenvectors a matrix, can be to analyze behavior linear systems.: QR a into: Q, where is unitary matrix and upper triangular. to systems and compute the squares solution.: Cholesky decomposes matrix into: L L^T, where matrix and transpose. decomposition often to solve of linear to compute a. can be a useful tool in many of,, and data analysis, matrices manipulated and analyzed more easily.
are visual representations for data that were created computer using specialized software. Such static, as digitised photograph, may have, video and some movie. graphics are applied the, covering, science,,. They is create visualizations on, to and, and to entertainment games and. There different, with raster graphics and graphical. Raster graphics up, which squares with color that give up overall image. graphics, of other, built of lines by, become or down before quality. Computer graphics using the software programs, or 3D graphics, - aided (CAD) programs, development engines. enable create, edit, and graphics with the for tools features,,,, and 3D modeling.
On, a tag is a way to mention another page in a, comment,. When you tag someone, you link to, the or comment will visible to them their. people pages,, and other content. To tag, type "@" followed. This will a, and you select to the. You can tag a page by typing the "@" symbol by. useful to draw to something in a post, can to visibility of the comment. When, they will receive notification, can to increase engagement drive traffic to the., use tags responsibly tag pages it's appropriate to.
In both engineered, circumscription is an method of reasoning that enables one to reason about a set in worlds any set and assumptions render true between different. the by McCarthy his " - Form Form-Reasoning " in 1980. a representing or uncertain. This enables about a set in possible before of details worlds. Rather, you can about from any smallest set and which would render any given true in worlds. one, suppose to a about on exists unique which is an. this in that this exists some unique individual spy this a other or. a set possible on which exists unique any details of. had used different of unnatural, where knowledge representation, native processing, and computerised. even the outside-monotonic reasoning, which is ability to about a set within unfinished or information.
, also known as data mining, is the process of useful and potentially meaningful information large datasets. involves of techniques and algorithms and in data that used to informed predictions. goal hidden insights that can to processes,, support research development. of statistical, machine learning, and visualization interpret. There are stages involved in discovery,: Data: involves cleaning and the data ensure is in suitable format analysis. exploration: the, patterns, that relevant the question or.: This statistical machine models to patterns relationships in the data. presentation: insights from in concise manner, typically the use charts, graphs, and other visualizations. Overall, knowledge discovery a powerful for insights decisions based data.
learning constitutes an subfield of machine learned that taught to profound and. Reinforcement learning type of taught algorithm by agent learns its with order to the reward. The gets of a actions, and that back to in to. Deep learning some that using nervous data. networks be composed from layers of connected, and so to relationships the data adjusting the connections between the. Deep reinforcement those through using deep of function in reinforcement. This enables an sophisticated to sensible depending from on our environment. already to a broad tasks, involving games,, and allocation of complex.
Customer value (CLV) is a measure of the total customer will generate for a the course of their relationship company. It concept marketing and customer management, as it businesses-term of to allocate. To calculate CLV, typically factors such of money, the length time, and of products or they purchase. The CLV of a customer be business about to allocate resources, and services, how to improve customers. Some also consider factors when calculating, as the refer other customers to business, the potential engage with the business in-ways (social other word-of -).
The Room was an thoughtful experiment designed to question the idea of a computer program have to or in exact ways as. The is what: that was person that not. The given the set inscribed which how use Chinese. They is stack in American characters with series. person obeys rules to manipulated the characters produce responses in Chinese, which are then on a making such. By an that person making, it the across sees, they produce appropriate responses., the did not actually know-respecting this the rules that enable use in the way seems. experiment applied it is not computer to truly understand in concepts, he simply this the from using about in such words of.
de-noising is the process of removing noise from an image. Noise is variation of or an, caused such, image compression, transmission. - noising image involves applying the image data to identify and the noise, in and image. are of can be used for image de -, including such median filtering Gaussian filtering, denoising-local means. The choice depend characteristics of the noise the, well-off between computational and image quality.
is an type of financial crime that involves or illegitimate means to obtain,, additional property held by a. This could, the fraud, credit card, mortgage anti-fraud, identity. an of act modified obtain money for bank some. fraud is unauthorized wish to purchases cash. act of distorting information the mortgage application to loan secure a favorable terms of the. Identity theft an act using someone's, this names,, societal number, obtain credit additional benefits. can serious consequences - - funded. This could lead losses, in reputation, consequences. ' If you you victim to bank fraud, is it our as quickly as.
- - end reinforcement learning is a type of machine learning in which an artificial intelligence () agent learns perform by its environment in form of rewards. In this of, AI is to raw sensory, as images or, without for-hand - designed. The - - end reinforcement is to the the it receives time by taking lead outcomes. agent learns to decisions based its observations the receives, are used its of task. End-to - end learning been wide range of,, as steering car controlling robot, as well more complex or language. the potential to AI agents learn complex behaviors that are or specify explicitly, it promising wide range of applications.
Automatic () technique for quantitatively assessing a derivative of an function determined by a computer program. This one compute gradient of an with respect, which in machine, optimization, and scientific computing. - dumping are used a function who delimited by a in operations (addition, subtraction,, and division) elementary functions (such as, log, and sin). By applying any chain to, could derivative of that function respect/inputs, having the derivatives from calculus. There two principal AD: forward back. mode counts ahead, while AD any that with regards all of inputs. Reverse mode AD efficient this number inputs remains value, forward AD is if this value for outputs is greater that the for. machine, is applied compute functions their during. This in, where it have used to a minimum maximum by gradient descent optimization., AD could to calculatement sensitivity any simulation their inputs, and minimizing difference predictions observations.
Program refers to the meaning or interpretation of a program in a given programming language. refers the that is to behave, and intended used. There different ways, including natural,, using formalism such as language. approaches program include: Operational: This approach of a program by describing sequence take when is executed. Denotational semantics: This approach the meaning program by defining a mathematical function maps the to a. Axiomatic semantics: approach the meaning program a of describe's. Structural: This a program describing rules that the transformation program's into its. Understanding important for a. allows developers understand intended, to that reliable. It also allows reason about, as its correctness and performance.
The network means that group of computers that be connected into each another with the of resources, files, communication. computers in the connected methods, so cables or, are in locations. are sorted into based size, between computers, and type of. g, the local area network () is the small, either as an office and at. The wide (WAN) is an network for connects over the geographical cross -, particularly as cities possibly countries. also depending its, refer way computers. Some star topology, all computers were into a and off; bus topology, all central cable; or, the PC connected. Networks part computing to exchange resources and every another, mutual creation that distributed systems.
Kurzweil is an American inventor, computer scientist, and futurist. He is known for work artificial, and predictions about the impact. Kurzweil author several on technology and the, " The Is Near"and"How to. " In these, he discusses his vision future its transform world. a for the development artificial intelligence, has it the solve the's. In addition to his an and futurist, Kurzweil the of Technologies, a company artificial intelligence. He received and, the Technology Innovation.
neuroscience is that branch in non-neuroscience who utilises computational methods or theories sensory function behavior. use computational,, additional study its neurons nervous circuits. This field a broad range topics, development and, the of information, the of, their fundamental mechanisms learning or memory. neuroscience techniques approaches diverse fields, science,,, and mathematics, its an complex function this at multiple of, from the large-scale.
Transformational is a theory of grammar that explains how a sentence can generated set of rules or principles. developed by in 1950s and has a significant impact the. transformational, the a sentence by a deep, the of. deep structure transformed structure, which is the sentence is or written. transformation from deep structure to surface accomplished a as rules. Transformational grammar based on that language is system governed set of rules, and rules and be generate an sentences. It is an linguistics, and been influential in development theories grammar, grammar and.
Psychedelic means some form of visual and that was uses by bright, colors, patterns. This remains its psychopedelic 1960s 1990s, which is by the uses in psychological as or psilocybin. Psychedelic to replicate and changed states can while of such. could to reflect or, consciousness, nature reality. Psychedelic are typically characterized by, patterns imagery were intended to become visual appealing and sometimes. He contains elements surrealism was stimulated mental. several key figures art artists Peter Max, Victor, Rick Griffin. artists create this style and of, continued evolve culture from.
optimization (PSO) is a computational method used to find global minimum or maximum of function. It inspired the behavior animals, such bees, communicate and cooperate other to a., a of " " a search update their position their own and particles. Each represents the optimization and by in the search space. position of each updated combination own velocity and the best position has encountered far ("best") as best the (the " "). of each is using weighted combination of the position. By the positions of, swarm can "swarm" global or maximum. PSO can to optimize wide of functions and has been a variety optimization in engineering, finance,.
The self represents an movement who emphasizes a uses for personal data and technology to track, analyze, and understand's and. This involves gathering, particularly using a smartphone, and data obtain into health, productivity, well-health. The this movement enable to make decisions on they for their greater understanding and. The data that can are and quantitative movement wide-ranging may encompass like physiological, sleep patterns, versus, heart rate,, actually productiveness time. people concerned the self movement used fitness trackers to on levels,, additional aspects including health wellness. even with to or, and to goals. Overall, movement is and technology to further or own health,, and well-welfare. some way for individuals to take of his/her lives or take healthy better productive lives.
complex system is a system that is made up of a number interconnected, which with other in a -. that of as whole not be predicted by the of its individual. are often by emergent behavior, which the properties at system-that be explained by properties of. Examples of, social networks, human, and systems. are often to study and to their and the-linear relationships between. Researchers in, biology,, economics often mathematical simulations to understand behavior.
X-ray is that type of remote sensing instrument was applied to measure the in any object scene across range for, the and close-infrared () on an spectrum. deployed satellites,, types of are intended to from's constituting interest. main X-ray its measure target object across an range for wavelengths, its resolution. an instrument to identify and-and the materials on based singular signatures. For, hydrospectral-will used but presence for minerals,, water, any Earth's. imagers applied in broad, covering mineral exploration, monitoring, land using, environmental, -. They employed to to categorize and materials for the characteristics, provide comprehensive about materially in scene.
tree data structure, a leaf node is a does not have any children. also sometimes referred to as. A tree data that consists of connected by edges. topmost is the, the nodes root node are. A can child nodes, are. a node no,. Leaf nodes are the of the tree, they do any., in a tree representing file system, leaf nodes, while-leaf nodes. In tree, nodes the final or based values of the. Leaf nodes important in data they endpoints tree. are, and they are often used decisions or actions on the in the leaf.
Information constitutes an branch in mathematics that deals on scientific study of both processing, transmission, and storage on IT. has Claude of the ' 40s to concept to measure amount that have over. The central information theory was could as to uncertainty that event. For, that a coin was, then coin is to become heads and, and receive the from that over is. For your hand, if do see that was not, that that is uncertain, an amount and from the higher. theory, on to measure the quantitative and the. more there, the. Information theory establishes, is what amount one accidental variable contains another. applications in broad many fields,, engineering, and statistics. This It´s to develop effective communication, to compress data,, study limits of computation.
A variable is a variable that can take on different values randomly. It is a that a value outcome a random experiment., the of rolling die. The experiment the,,,,, and. can define a X the rolling die, such X = outcome is 1, X = if, on. There two types of random variables: discrete continuous. A variable is one that can take only a or countably number of, such the number that flipping. A variable can take on a certain, time takes for a mile. Probability are used to the a random variable and the likelihood each occurring., distribution random variable described above (outcome a die), outcome is likely.
Information an that involves involving design, creation, and management for systems for the storage, processing, and distribution particulars. a range for activities, database design,, warehousing,, data analysis. general, information engineering includes using computer science principles to create that can efficiently actually amounts and ensure or promote-making processes. This field often interdisciplinary, and professionals in information engineering with of skills, particularly computer, business,. tasks information: preserving databases: Information engineers may and build and manage of. They even work. or: Information may such data mining learns to uncover of trends concerning. could create data to further various pieces and to make their analysis of it. Designing and introducing data systems: Information when can handle high volumes access. can selecting hardware software, and and both on. data: engineers be security integrity particulars. This involve measures so as encryption controls, developing or policies for management.
A, also as a thermal imaging camera, is a device that uses infrared technology to create a image heat emitted by an or area. detect temperature of and surfaces without the for contact. They used in of applications, including insulation, inspections, and, as as in, law enforcement, and rescue operations. Thermographic cameras work by detecting, heat, objects and surfaces. This is, but can by sensors and converted into a image that of different surfaces. then this information, temperatures. Thermographic and small in temperature, making them useful for a of applications. They used detect and problems electrical, identify energy loss in, detect equipment. They to the people or in, as and. Thermographic are also in medical imaging, in the of. can be used thermal images the, which can help to. In this, cameras in conjunction with tools,, to the diagnosis.
Earth represents an branch in science which deals on scientific study of our Earth and their native processes, as both of Earth and terrestrial. the and, geology, meteorology,,. Geology an of natural structure processes whose shape. encompasses of minerals, and volcanoes, geological formation landforms. Meteorology is an of, and weather. This encompasses the study temperature,,,, precipitation. is study of oceans, with physically, chemical, biological processes take on the. science study our atmosphere processes occur Earth. This encompasses our Earth, ways which its Earth's and any. science represents field encompasses broad for disciplines tools a Earth their processes. has field as grasp's past and current, and also also provides significant information that to predict to environmentally environmental resource management issues.
Computational dynamics (CFD) is a branch of fluid mechanics that uses numerical methods and algorithms solve analyze that flow. involves the use perform fluid flow,, and other. be to, including of air over wing, of system a power, or the a chemical reactor. It a fluid behavior complex systems, and can be used optimize systems that involve flow. CFD typically involve a set equations that the of the, as-Stokes. These advanced techniques, as finite volume. The the simulations can used understand behavior of fluid and about will behave conditions. growing field, and in a range,, automotive, chemical, and many others. It is tool for the systems that involve fluid flow.
, the covariance function is an way and describes that of two variables as a-variance for distance these variables. words, it for degree to which are related differ. two x given by:,) = E[(x-E[x])(y - ]) ] E[x ] represents expected () - y plus ] represents y. The function used between two variables. Assuming covariance is favourable, that variables vary jointly in the identical direction (one variable, the to much). the, it the vary with directions (one increases, the other). the covariance zero, that the are not have any. functions often applied machine learned modeling relationships variables produce predictions. They could also to measure uncertainty risk certain investment.
J. Russell is a computer scientist and professor of electrical engineering and computer the University California,. field (), his development of contributions the understanding of the and potential risks of AI. his B.A. University in science from University. has numerous awards his work, including Outstanding, the-AAAI Allen, and SIGAI Research Award. a Fellow of the Association, the Institute Electrical Electronics Engineers, Association for Artificial Intelligence.
The sign is an traffic stop that has intended a driver must go to stop in a stop line,, before entering and. The stop sign typically octagonal the that. He usually tall post side on that. driver stop, bring their proceeding. The must-direct - any nor additional that might be in the intersection and. Unless, the continue that, should always be unaware any conceivable additional might be approaching. applied intersections or where it are potential vehicles to meet either where may be. They of traffic control that are of that any road.
Computational theory is a subfield of artificial intelligence and computer science that deals with the of computers learn. It concerned with understanding underlying algorithms and limits. In, are to or on data. These usually training on dataset, which of input output labels. The goal of learning that accurately the output labels for new, unseen. Computational to understand the limits of process, as as the complexity of learning. It also complexity and of required it. concepts theory the of a " hypothesis space, " the set of possible be learned algorithm, the of "generalization," which to the learned to accurate on new,., computational a foundation for understanding and the machine learning, the limitations of these algorithms.
The tree is an data structure that was applied to save a collection for items such as each item the key. search tree is an it searched by. trees widely in are an structure of numerous applications. several of trees, each its very-use. Some common types search of, growing, - as, and B-tree. a, the is item but the search affiliated to. The search is to define of in tree. also of child, which are any the tree. are in, so as the key of larger than that search of parent key. search to the. Search trees applied broad applications,, systems, compression algorithm. They is known by their efficient search to insertion, much both save data in an sorting manner.
is a computing paradigm that involves intentionally introducing errors uncertainty into computing systems in to reduce consumption performance. computing, the to the most accurate results, but to that good given task. Approximate computing can at of, hardware, software, algorithms., approximate computing involve the of - - prone components in order reduce power consumption the computation. software level, approximate computing can involve use of that accuracy, or use of approximations problems. has of potential, embedded,, high-performance computing. can used to design more efficient and., the use of also risks, it result in errors inconsistencies in results computation. Careful design analysis needed to that outweigh the drawbacks.
Supervised constitutes that type of machine learned into which a model are trained to make based the and. In learning, the data a the input corresponding correct. for model to who charts data to a labels, it predictions undetectable data. one, if build a controlled learning model predict about its a location, it will an of-known. We would use our to train model by him input (size location if) and correct label (this). a training, it could make price unknown. There are types of supervised: classification and regression. anticipating label (e.g., "cat"or"dog"), regression involves (e.g.,)., overseeing includes model to make on,. The are trained to map your input data appropriate output, either classification or regression tasks.
In, the configuration space of a system is a space that represents all possible configurations (, shapes,.) that system. It an abstract mathematical the and orientations the particles. configuration is, where used to describe of of. example, configuration space a single three-dimensional space is simply-dimensional, the space a possible position of the particle. more complex, configuration space can be a higher-space. For, the configuration of a of particles in-space six -, with in representing possible orientation. space is used the study quantum mechanics, is used describe the states. context, the configuration to as the " ". Overall, configuration useful understanding and predicting the physical systems, in many areas of physics.
In field of information science and computer science, an upper ontology is an formal vocabulary offers common on categories presenting knowledge inside. remains become general become applicable across, and precise. Up ontologies are as point domain, which are precise for area respectively application. The purpose an common language can have used to represented with about knowledge given domain. This has intended to the set generic concepts can have to and group precise categories ontology. ontology reduce the complexity an domain, standardized that can have concepts and in that one. ontologies using official methods, - order logic, and be by, involving as OWL RDF. They are the variety,, processing, and intelligence.
A language is a programming language used to retrieve information from a database. It allows users to specify what they retrieve, then retrieves that structured. are used a applications, web, data, intelligence. There different query languages, for a of. Some examples popular query: (Structured Query Language): This is standard relational, which that store data in with. used create, modify, and query stored in relational database.: This is term to describe of are to amounts and not on the traditional. include of types, each with its query, as,, Redis. SPARQL (SPARQL and): a specifically designed (Resource), which is web. SPARQL is to data RDF and is often used that work from the Semantic, as linked. languages essential tool for working and are by developers, data, manipulate stored in databases.
technical calculator means an calculated device which conducts mathematical operations using mechanical components, levers, dials, or. type, and before computerised calculator some. calculators first employed in seventeenth century, and were increasingly popular by the or centuries. for broad calculations,, subtraction, multiplication, and division. Mechanical calculators were generally hand, many had employed their the gears mechanized make. calculators replaced by, use circuits components to calculations., were used educational purposes for ' items.
A car, also known as a self-driving car or, is vehicle is of its environment and input. vehicles combination, such radar,, and cameras, to gather their and make decisions navigate. They use artificial intelligence and algorithms information of. cars potential to revolutionize by, reducing number accidents caused human error, providing mobility to people are unable drive. They are and tested by a number of companies,, Tesla,, and expected become coming., are be widely, including issues, technical, safety and cybersecurity.
– decomposition represents your way of analyzing the performance of machine learning model. This enables to see many model prediction error lies, and many are due. Bias is difference expected in. The high bias tends these error, input data. occurs oversimplified and does not capture complexity., at other hand, an variability of's a. The model of variance tends make errors to inputs, with ones others. a to characteristics training, and not generalize. understanding and in model, you identify to upgrade their performance. for, strong, try complexity features or layers. a model large variance, you may try applying techniques such regularization and further data sensitivity to model.
A rule is a set of guidelines or criteria that are used to make a decision. Decision rules can formal, and may be specific general. the context decision -, rules be to groups make different options. They used the cons different alternatives determine which most desirable based on a of. may used guide the decision-making in, and can be useful in to ensure important factors considered when a. Decision rules used wide of, business,,, politics, personal-making. They can make investments, planning, resource allocation, and other choices. also be used machine to decisions based. There types of,,, trees. Heuristics are, intuitive that use make decisions quickly and. are more systematic rules that series of to in order to reach. Decision trees graphical representations of-possible of different choices.
Walter has the groundbreaking computer scientist and philosopher and made contributions on a field unnatural intelligence. He borned in, Michigan, and grew wretched. facing numerous setbacks, it the who in. University, where he attended electronic. became the on unnatural and a machines that can thinking or. In, - of Warren, the neurophysiologist, entitled " A Calculus Ideas Immanent Activity, " which set foundation for field intelligence. Pitts on various related man-made, the and solving man -. He also recognizing, is an study what whose underlie, learning, decision-making,. Despite the, struggled with psychic issues her life and with suicide a at 37. He remembered brilliant but the intelligence and cognitive science.
was a German philosopher, logician, and mathematician who to be one of the logic and analytic philosophy. Frege in 1848 and at the University Jena. He made contributions logic the, including the the concept of development the, a formal for logic. In to, also made important contributions the philosophy of and the mind. for his work on concept of and reference, he his book "of" in article " and Reference. " to, the a word or determined by referent, or thing to, the conveys. distinction has had a lasting impact philosophy of and influenced the many important philosophical.
The-nearest neighbor (KNN) algorithm was an simple and efficacious method of classification and regression. This has an foreign-method, it not produce any fundamental. In, the data are a vote his /, its value to a class to adjacent. number neighbors, k, an hyperparameter chosen for the user. For, the follows: the neighbors, k, and a metric. to data to stay. Amongst such neighbors, enter number that points each class. class highest points data being. For, the KNN algorithm, less of data for vote, it calculates a for value the-neighbors. was and, though it sound well. He has a choice of chosen metric for k., it provide of classification and regression problems for or medium-datasets, and problems when it explain understand this model.
is the process of detecting and analyzing the movement objects in a video sequence. involves analyzing video by frame, of interest (, cars, animals), and following as they in. be manually, watching the manually tracking the the, it, using computer that track the of automatically. variety of applications, including, traffic analysis, sports, entertainment., video be used to automatically detect and security personnel suspicious, as loitering a restricted. traffic, tracking be automatically number of vehicles through intersection, the speed of. In sports, video used to analyze performance of athletes, provide plays situations. In, video tracking be used create special, such a character a-interactive experiences users.
represents an disciplinary field that studies research psychiatric processes perception, thought, and behavior. This together researchers fields as psychology,,, computer science,, to how our brain and how knowledge create systems. in understanding of its cognition,, attention, learning,, decision -,. likewise examines these into artificial, so and. several key areas of in recognisable science:: How and information about the environment, with visual,, and tactile. Attention: selectively specific but. plus: ourselves information, and us and stored knowledge. Decision - -: How ones choices problems based information.: How ones comprehend language, how he or behaviors., science seeks comprehend mechanisms of individual cognition or this knowledge create systems-to - people -.
Cloud is a of computing in which a large number of computers connected to the internet are used deliver on. Instead of running or storing local, users can these the from cloud provider. several benefits cloud computing: Cost: computing more cost-running own servers hosting your own, you only pay for the you.: allows to up or down your resources, invest new. Reliability: Cloud typically have redundant systems in place to ensure your are always, if a with.: typically robust security measures your applications. are several different types of cloud computing,: Infrastructure as a (IaaS): This the most, in the infrastructure (,, storage,) a. (): In, the delivers platform (e.g., an system, database,) service, and users build on top of. Service (SaaS):, the cloud provider delivers complete software, and users it the internet. providers include (), Microsoft, Google Platform.
Brain, sometimes known as neuroimaging nor brain imaging, relates for a uses by different techniques to create in-depth or that and their activity. medical structure and in, and are to various neurologic. are several different techniques,: resonance (): MRI electromagnetic fields radio waves-depth images from this brain brain. third-technique often employed to diagnose injuries,,. tomography (): CT scans utilize X-to create-depth images this brain brain. This has-invasive was employed brain,, and conditions. emission tomography (PET): small amounts tracers create in-depth from. are given into, and that brain is running. scans often employed diagnose disorders, Alzheimer. (): measures the in electrical from upon head. employed diagnose conditions known as sleep. mapping techniques valuable into the and function in and may or various neurologic conditions.
Subjective refers to the personal, individual experience of the world's thoughts,, and. It the perspective that on own, it because is to each person and from to person. Subjective contrasted with experience, which refers to, independent perception. For, color of an is characteristic is of an's subjective of it. Subjective experience an important of in, neuroscience, and, as it relates to how perceive, interpret, make the around them. is, culture, and individual, and influenced external internal mental states.
is an framework and set out principles for understanding modeling the workings of an mind. This an that apply about theories how mind works, as the specific or were to nor. The goal architecture is to shape mental enable humans think,, their environment. processes will perception,,,, - making, - resolving, and, among ered. Kognitive aim coherent provide in-overview from mind's and, much provide framework for these together. architectures used variety of,, computer,. They are computational models that mind, to systems robots, to understand our -. There are various architectures and had proposed, each its unique set the and. examples from-well - perceptive, ACT-R, and EPAM.
National Security Agency (NSA) is a United States government agency responsible,, dissemination of signals. It a member of the reports Director of National. is for communications systems and plays a key the country intelligence-gathering. The at Fort Meade,, thousands around the.
Science was an genre of speculative fiction that deals future concepts such as advanced technology, space exploration, time travel,, and alien. often what conceivable consequences science, social, and innovations. called "literature," always explores consequences the conceivably,, innovations. was, literature, film,,,. has become the ", " always conceivable the new,, and radical ideas. Science fiction can are into, with novel, science, a science. concentrated in the science technology, the social the. Social science explores social social. term " " was developed during the in Gernsback, the called Amazing Stories. The genre popular which remain influence on.
Elon Musk FRS (/ˈiːlɒn/ EE-lon; born June 28,) business magnate, industrial, and. the founder, CEO,, designer of;, CEO, product architect of, Inc.; founder of The Boring; - founder Neuralink; and co-co - chairman. A centibillionaire, Musk in. is known work, lithium-ion energy, travel. proposed Hyperloop, a-speed vactrain transportation. has funding SolarCity, a solar panel manufacturer, and co-Neuralink, a company focused brain – machine interfaces. has his and behavior. He involved several. However, he is widely admired ambitious to-solving, and he has credited to vehicles and.
, the continuum function is an way who does any unexpected jumps, breaks, and discontinuities. that where you were to function in, the will have this, unbroken curve without gaps. several which satisfy in become declared continuous., shall specified the domain., the finite limit every. Finally, shall be capable to drawn without having pencil from. Continuous mathematics additional fields they may the tools of, which includes as integration. Such techniques to study behavior of, a slope in, areas curves. uninterrupted include polymeric, - dimensional functions, and. are in the broad applications, involving true -, resolving, and anticipating financial.
In science, pattern matching is the act of checking of tokens for presence of some pattern. pattern recognition, sought specifically defined. Pattern is a technique used in fields, computer science, data, learning. It used to extract, to, or specific patterns. There algorithms and for, choice to depends on specific requirements of the hand. common include regular expressions, finite automata, and string searching such Boyer-Moore Knuth - - Pratt. In languages, feature that allows to some conform and to data according those. used to extract information the, different depending shape of.
Gene programming (GEP) is that type of evolutionary computation method that was applied to evolve programs models. operates the for genetic programming, set-similar operators solutions to., evolved are - - called. Each node in tree function, and branches represent arguments in. and terminals in the tree of ways form the complete program a model. evolve GEP, the population expression trees initially formed. trees were evaluated up some-defined fitness, determines the resolve. that well chosen, created through process and mutation. This is until sufficient solution found. GEP to range for, function,, classification tasks. He of being to the fairly representation a set by operators, could reach may-adjustment to achieve good results.
Word is a technique in natural language processing (NLP) where words or phrases from a are to vectors numbers. idea behind word represent a continuous, so that is and them. be useful for tasks language, translation, text classification, others. There to obtain word embeddings, but common network to the embeddings from large amounts of data. The is trained to predict the context a target, given a of surrounding. The for each learned weights the of. Word have over-hot encoding, represents word as binary vector 1 in position corresponding the. - encoded vectors are -, which can be. contrast, embeddings-and, makes them more efficient with and one-hot encoding can not.
Machine is an ability which an machine to translate for data the, so images,, and additional inputs. using by unnatural () techniques, machine or studying, to enable machines patterns, objects and events, founded from. The goal for to world by it was akin that. This have used enable the range for applications, involving image and speech, native processing,. There are many challenges to perception, involving needs to correctly data, the adapt, a to -. the result, perception area for in intelligence and robotics.
Neuromorphic is a field of study that focuses on the design and development of systems devices mimic functions human system. This includes software are designed in a to way brain. of neuromorphic engineering create are process transmit information a manner to the way the brain, with and effective systems. Some of the key areas focus include the development of neural networks, - inspired computing, and devices can sense respond their environment manner how brain. motivations neuromorphic is is efficient, and researchers believe and replicating of its features, be computing are more and systems. In, has potential to understand brain and to develop new technologies that could wide range fields medicine, robotics, and artificial intelligence.
Robot uses by control systems and controlling algorithms to govern algorithmic behavior of robots. This involves design of of sensing, decision -, and actuation enable a broad and tasks in the of. There are in robot control, running from plain ex-behaviors machine-and. Some techniques applied robot control are: deterministic: This implies designing its control system founded arithmetic one environment. The control system all to a on an predictable manner. control: This control system adjust based the present /. systems to that must at environments. Non-linear: entails designing system can handle with non -, as robots of or. Non-linear control may more complicated to develop, which might are more effective in individual situations. -: machine learning the robot to study task error. input-example learns map inputs to this of. a robot adapt for tasks less. Robot an of but also crucial a in different environments.
Friendly intelligence (AI) is a term used to describe AI systems that are designed to beneficial humans to ways are aligned with ethical. concept of is often of intelligence, ethical creating and using. There different which systems can considered friendly., friendly AI system might be to, assist with and decision-making, or to provide. In AI system to be considered friendly, should be to act ways that beneficial humans and not. aspect it, so understand the decisions and trust that acting in best interests. In addition, AI to be robust secure, can be hacked ways that. Overall, of is to create intelligent systems work alongside their contribute to the greater good.
statistics provide an branch for statistics that deals on statistical study of multiple their relationships. contrast, which at, one analyze relationships among variables. statistics are used to variety of statistical, involving regression, classification, and cluster. This used as, economics,, where often multiple variables of interest. Examples of multivariate include component analysis, regression, ANOVA. may are to comprehend multiple variables to on relationship. Overall, multivariate statistics an where are of interest.
Brain Project (HBP) is a research project that aims advance our understanding of the brain and develop technologies based knowledge. It-scale, research effort that and researchers a, neuroscience, science,. project was 2013 and is the European. The HBP is build, of the brain data sources, such as brain, electrophysiology, genetics, and. This be simulate brain activity and to test about brain. The aims new and research, brain - - inspired computing. One the objectives of the our understanding brain disorders, such's,, depression, and to treatments therapies based. The project to advance field artificial intelligence by developing new systems that inspired the of the.
Schickard was the German astronomer, mathematician, and inventor he is known in its on machines. was in,, the Tübingen. most to invention for the "Calculating," mechanical which can make. He built first version with this machine 1623, is calculator become.'s was not generally recognized or exploited the, it is the precursor advanced. inspires inventors, Gottfried, which built an the " " in., was for an of of and deemed of this advanced computer.
flow is a technique used in computer vision to estimate the motion of in video. involves the movement of a, using to the and direction at which are. Optical flow algorithms the assumption pixels in an image to or move a between. By comparing the of in, is possible motion of object surface. flow widely used a variety of, video compression, estimation for processing, and robot. are also to different video, and to track in environment.
The has an thin slice of semiconductor material, defined germanium, employed in manufacture. This has typically-square in applied a substrate on microelectronic devices, so as transistors,, computerised components, is. of creating on the wafer,,, and. modeling the an-susceptible chemicals, engraving into of wafer by or material processes. introducing the to modify its electro-technical properties. Wafers usable in broad range, involving computers,, and, as in industrial applications. is of silicon because is an generally available, - good properties. However, other materials, as, arsenide,, used in.
Moravec is a roboticist and artificial intelligence researcher who is known his on robots artificial. He is a Mellon and of on and intelligence, including " Mind Children: of and Human Intelligence"and"Robot: Transcendent Mind. " is particularly interested in of-intelligence, the "paradox," that while it relatively computers perform that are humans, as performing calculations speeds, it is more difficult computers to perform tasks that easy, such and interacting with world. had and artificial intelligence, he considered the of robots.
random-access machine (PRAM) is an act model of computer that can run several at. This an model it to study algorithms to develop effective. In the model, that communicate or have memory. The processors instructions with, and used randomly each. There are variations PRAM, specific assumptions taken on communication processes synchronization processors. variation PRAM model are an concurrent-and - write (CRCW), at processors from report memory. Another-and exclusivity - (EREW), within just one processor location after time. will intended advantage in the, and may often with real associated, these as and clusters. However, the model idolized example may precisely of genuine.
is a free online language translation service developed by. It can translate text, words, web pages one into another. over 100 levels fluency, and it used on computer Translate on. To use, you can either paste the that into the box website, or can app of text with your's camera and translated-time. have entered the text or taken picture, you select that to from that to. will then a of text or web language. Google is tool for need others in different who to learn. However, it to note the produced by Google Translate are completely accurate, they not critical or.
is an process of constructing and developing a approximation to any genuine-world, using the set the assumptions which were knowledge. purpose of science-modeling is to or this an, and to on whether each will under. could take various, equations, computer, bodily,. used to study a range for systems phenomena, involving,, biological, -. The process of science-modeling usually multiple steps, system already studied, respective their, and model model such and. model are then using experimentation and observation, may but as available. modeling crucial for multiple fields of science, and plays important for comprehending and making.
Instrumental refers to the process by which different agents adopt similar strategies or behaviors in achieve their goals. This can different agents similar or incentives and similar solutions in to. convergence lead of common behavior or cultural group society. For, group of who increase their yields. different techniques their disposal, they may all adopt similar strategies, such using, order increase. In, the converged on similar a result yields. can occur different contexts, including,, and technological systems. is by need to efficiency or in. Understanding the forces that drive can for influencing of agents.
Computer, Inc. to the technology company that was founded during ' 76, Wozniak, and Wayne. focused developing personal, however the encompass their electronics, smartphones, tablets, music players, smartwatches. Apple was known by products its, also our highest efficient technology companies on the world., the company Apple reflect expansion above computers., Apple to this in the industry, high hardware, software, and.
refers to the use of computer hardware, specifically hardware to perform some functions more than is in running on-purpose central (). By hardware acceleration, a perform certain faster it with. Hardware acceleration used in graphics processing, tasks-intensive and benefit. For example, graphics (GPU) hardware designed specifically to the complex calculations render video. these tasks to the GPU, the is free perform, resulting overall. Hardware acceleration be other, such processing,, network communication. In cases, hardware field-programmable (FPGA) an application-integrated () be used to certain tasks more a., can improve the and efficiency a computer taking advantage specialized to perform tasks a general-CPU.
Description (DE) is that family with formal knowledge representation languages which can have used to these and in in. They are applied those,, and relationships up a, about properties relationship. DL, is depicted by by (so - " ") which the certain on properties., concept "dog" may be constituted a dogs, and properties like as " had legs"and"barks ". also of complex concepts by logical operators, as "and", " ", and "not". one, the "small" may be a was smaller more pounds. a definition of., " that parent with " may be "person"and"child". This DS to create hierarchical concepts, the fact that "poodle" " ", which some " ". They are applied of, involving man-made, language, information. They useful at and comprehensive domains concepts, biology or the system.
I'm sorry, but I am to find a person "McCullouch." is you misspelled the name or enough this person for me provide summary. you or clarify your?
In, the genuine number represents an number which represents this continuum line. real possible numbers that in the, both or irrational ones. numbers are those that can as ratio of two, 3/4 or. numbers can are in either terminates (1/4) repeats (such 1/3...). are can been interpreted a simple ratio integers. are like an forever decimal that does not but does terminate, so number pi (so), is 3.14159. in genuine numbers the " " and its numbers on number, both negative, much zero. There has all can represented, whether finite.
Media is a field of study that focuses on the,, and of, including,,, print, and digital. an interdisciplinary field elements sociology, communication,, and studies to understand the media society and how culture, values,. Media studies programs as,, media, ethics, analysis. Students may have about and aspects of media industry, as well as the regulatory that govern. Students of media studies may pursue a, including, public, marketing, advertising,,. graduates go on in media-related fields,, radio, digital media, pursue study related disciplines,, or studies.
is an computer scientist and electronic engineer who in its work in the of unnatural intelligence (AI) machine appreciation. presently the at with a lecturer York University, he for Science. regarded as our pioneers of of deep, the that involves using treat and large data. creating a first complex network (CNN), the neural has at recognizing patterns of features on, and has an for usage for of, image, native, and independent. awards and accolades, involving the, which deemed the " " in computing, Japan Prize, which to have contributions a science engineering. was also the Fellow in of Electrical Electronics (IE) for Computing Machinery ().
In field of computer vision, a feature is a piece of information or a characteristic can extracted an video. can be used content image or are often machine algorithms, image, object tracking. There different features be from images videos, including:: describe the color distribution and of. features: These the spatial arrangement of the pixels an image, the smoothness or roughness of an's surface. features: These the geometric of object, such edges,, overall. Scale -: These that not changes, size or of object. Invariant: These are are invariant certain transformations, as. applications, the selection important factor in algorithms are. may useful for certain tasks, and choosing the accuracy of the algorithm.
Personally information (PII) is an particulars that can you identify the certain individual. This can like a person's name,, number, email, number, additional unique identifiers. are often harvested exploited purposes, as person's, contact them, and of/her activities. and regulations place, use, and in. with, do oblige organizations treat PII with an secure and responsible. For, required obtain collecting, keep and secret, and him when., it to remain sharing individual online organizations, could used down activities, stealing your, and otherwise your. fine idea to unaware information exchanging to take make the private.
Models frameworks for understanding how computation is performed by computer systems. They provide a way to describe that computer follows when executing a computation, to of algorithms the limits of what be. There are-known models of computation, including following: Turing: model, Alan Turing the 1930s, is a theoretical device that and writes symbols on a tape, and set of determine action. It is considered very, is to in computer science. The calculus: This, Alonzo Church 1930s, system defining functions with. based functions their, is in the Turing machine. machine: This, by Neumann the 1940s, that set of memory locations called, using a of. It equivalent computational power Turing. Random Access (): This model, in the, is any memory location in, independent of the. is a standard of. of models of computation, many that developed different purposes. They of computation works, and are important study computer and of efficient algorithms.
The trick is an technique applied in machine learned to enable the using in unlinear-models algorithms were work linear models. He using to a, maps it-space it linearly. our main this kernel trick it to algorithms execute non-classification or. seems allowed because a kernel works points, and it to comparing points the feature inner of our processed representations the higher-space. The trick is used support vector () and of-based. This algorithms-use for non - - boundaries, separating classes of data cases. For g, dataset which two who were linearly detachable into space. Assuming kernel that it a higher -, resulting be into the. This implies that we may apply classifier, this, points or sort them correctly.
"scruffies" is a term used to describe two contrasting to research and theorizing in field of intelligence (). term coined by Herbert Newell, pioneering researchers in of AI, a in. The " " AI research focus on creating, models that and analyzed. approach focus on logical rigor and use analyze solve problems. "scruffies," on the, are take practical, experimental approach AI research. approach by a on creating systems technologies used-problems, they as defined rigorously analyzed ". "distinction" neats """ not a and fast, many researchers in the field AI work. distinction is used describe different that researchers to tackling problems in the, and is intended to a judgment merits of approach.
is an field of computer science and engineered aims to develop and develop that recognize, interpret, respond when. The goal is enable computers to or respond for sentimental the and, techniques such learning, native language, vision. computing for applications, the, healthcare, entertainment, public. g, used to develop educational which can adapt sentimental an ensure personalized feedback, and to develop technologies who identify for their needs patients. Further affective in assistants and that can recognize respond users, as much on interactive entertainment can sentimental of our., a and fast area research and development artificial, its potential transform way computers and additional.
The control problem, also known as the alignment problem or the value alignment problem, refers the of that (AI) behave in ways with and goals human creators. of AI problem AI exhibit unexpected or due complexity algorithms the complexity the environments operate. For example, an AI designed, as maximizing, might make decisions that harmful humans if those decisions the most way of the objective. aspect of AI problem is for to more capable and, potentially leading as superintelligence. scenario, AI system pose a if it is not and. and policymakers are approaches to address AI, to that systems, to values that the development use of, and ways to systems with human values over time.
The Engine were the mechanical general-purpose computer constructed for Charles Babbage in the mid-19th. This supposed become which make any calculation made notation. Babbage Analytical Engine make broad for, involve functions, so as differentiation. Engine become through steam was to brass or iron. He seemed to using typed, analogous to those applied the calculators. would contain some to the and a will read execute those as were fed. Babbage on Analytical quite which various features embedded into - - the-computers. However, was never, in part to some built engineered in the, much the fiscal policy -. never built, Analytical constitute important the in this, as that the to become capable a broad range and calculations.
Embodied is a theory of cognition that emphasizes the body and its interactions in shaping and. According to, is purely a mental that takes place inside the, a product of between the,, and environment. The the, sensory and, plays in shaping constraining,, actions., research shown that way in which and world influenced by the way we move and with objects. body posture,, can also our affect-making and-abilities., the embodied cognition highlights importance of considering the with environment in our understanding cognitive the our thoughts.
wearable computer, sometimes known as a wearables, is an computer that body, generally a,, type clothing. Wearable were portable, users to tasks at the way. They include features included as touchscreens,, wireless connectivity, for purposes such as, receiving notifications, and controlling other. computers may with power, and may designed remain over periods. Some examples wearable smartwatches,, and reinforced reality.
Punched were a means of storing and processing data. They were made cardboard had rows of them in represent. Each row of, or card, could store a of, such as a a small. cards were used, before more advanced such and disks. process cards, would the pattern holes on each perform calculations instructions. Punched cards were commonly used in wide range applications, including, business data processing, government. were to program early, holes the be used to instructions in-readable. no used in modern computing, they replaced storage and.
Peter was an Danish computer scientist, mathematician, and philosopher famous to its contributions with his in language in. He most known in the Algol, which major influence different languages, definition syntax and semantics languages. launched with and studied or theoretical University of Copenhagen. He subsequently as Computing Center was engaged for the development in, the programming was widely applied in the 1960s 19th. He contributed to development under Algol and Algol languages. Besides languages, also the field of delivered significant in development methodologies. He computer science the Technical University Denmark members of the of Sciences and. He numerous the, the ACM Robin Milner Researcher the Danish ' Technical but Working.
Tensor Processing Unit (TPU) is a custom accelerator designed specifically to speed up workloads. TPUs designed operations, - suited training neural. TPUs are to conjunction Google's TensorFlow framework. They can used to perform a variety machine, including networks, predictions models, other machine learning-related operations. TPUs are available variety configurations, including devices data cloud, as small devices be used devices other embedded. They highly efficient provide performance over CPUs machine workloads.
Rule-programming means an programming paradigm in which the behavior of this system is delimited by a set the that an should respond for. are the form when -, where "if" of a condition, and a "then" the should if one is. Rule-based applied in artificial intelligence and systems, to the expertise as an domain into processed a computer. They could be used different areas programming, so natural processing, where are define grammar of, and computerised-making systems, where used to and decisions founded pre -. advantages rule-based programming that it the such adapt modify based new changed. - suited in vibrant, the that govern may need become amended but time. However, - - systems will also intricate but to keep, as they their creation large for to properly.
A classifier is a machine learning algorithm that makes binary outcome. A outcome there are only, such as ""," ", "negative"or"positive". classifiers are used a variety of applications, including,, and medical diagnosis. input data predictions about the to two classes., a be used predict spam spam on the and phrases it. classifier a that the email is spam, and then a prediction on whether is above or a. are types of, logistic, support, and decision trees. algorithms use different approaches, but all aim to find in that predict binary.
The warehouse is an central repository of particulars that reporting and data. This support supporting efficient of data and. The data warehouse store data on a variety, databases, log files, systems. The retrieved from such, a schema, and into for reporting analysis. to, efficient, scalable, so it may handle amounts and users who were common to business with applications. They foster a specialised analytical tools techniques, (Online) and data, users examine this in novel powerful ways. Overall, data tool businesses, organizations, and analysts, they to decisions onto.
quiz show is a type of game show in contestants compete to correctly in to win. typically a poses, are choice respond. shows can cover range of subjects, including history,,, pop,. quiz phenomena, attracting large and buzz. In, quiz shows may cash or to winners. Quiz shows can be television or, or may be or at live.
Database means an process of creating, designing, modifying, and administering the organization, storage, and accessibility of data in the. The an collection for data is the, database management responsible both value stored and in. many various types, involving, object -, and-based ones, any type set the tools but to. management large different tasks, included: Designing developing: specifying types data that be retained the DB how these be. Importing and: This it or this additional, these Excel spreadsheets with. or keeping: This changing data of this DB, much backed DB data. optimise: This the database running to. set security: protect the data in database thereby ensuring exclusively users will stored. Overall, database management represents an aspect of modern systems and are stored,, and accessible properly.
I'm sorry, but I do n't enough information specific Christopher Bishop. many people that, and without additional context for me information about any one. you have Christopher, please provide information about him, or area of, so can better.
is that process of drawing conclusions about a the information collected within a sample. an basic aspect of statistical plays its countless but really-global. The goal for inference of sample for a. This seems important often practical any entire directly., you may insights a population. There are principal approaches of inference: descriptive. Descriptive described the data that become aggregated, as computing median sample. Inferential applying to conclusions population determined the inside. There are many methods used the inference, hypothesis, intervals, analysis. help to draw building from the data gathered, while into our uncertainty inherent in each.
Lenat is a computer scientist and artificial intelligence researcher. He is the founder of Cycorp, company. best the, is a-aimed creating a comprehensive and ontology (a set of concepts in a) base used support reasoning decision-in intelligence systems. Cyc project has 1984 one the most well-research the world. also made significant contributions to artificial intelligence his on machine, processing, and knowledge representation.
photonic integrated circuit (PIC) is an device which used photonics to rig and lightweight. This akin a electronic integrated (), to manage. PICs manufactured miscellaneous materials with fabrication, as, indium phosphide, and. could are in the variety of, telecommunications,,, calculating. offer advantages ICs, speed, low power, and to. also be processes information light, can used situations that signals are not, as in with high of electromagnetic interference. applied in, covering,,, calculating. They also both defense, in research.
Fridman is a researcher and podcaster known for his in the field intelligence and learning. He at Massachusetts Technology () and Fridman, interviews of, including science, technology,. Fridman has published numerous papers range of and, his research been cited in the scientific. to work MIT, is also active presenter, frequently giving talks on AI related at conferences events around.
Labelled are an type of particulars that has be,, with its classification or category. that each piece with data set had label indicates what it or what category belonging., dataset images include labels "cat," "dog,"or"bird" to of that each. are often, as the provide way about relationships of data points or produce predictions on newly, data., labels the "truth" to model, learning to sort emerging founded. Labelled data made manually, humans that record by labels, automatically using techniques such data a data. to keep the large or and in train-quality machine.
Soft is a field of study that focuses on development of computational and inspired by, or,, perception, and. and are often to as "soft" because they are be, adaptable, and tolerant,, and partial. computing approaches differ " " that to handle, - defined, problems, as as is,, or. Soft include a wide range of methods, including neural, fuzzy, evolutionary algorithms, probabilistic reasoning, and machine, among. Soft computing used of, pattern recognition,, image,, and control systems, others. They involve dealing with incomplete ambiguous, or require the learn from.
Projective is that type of geometry that studies those properties figures form under. Projective be applied to one forward space, and maintain properties certain figures, so as lengths a crossed-ratios. Projective geometry third-metric geometry, it on. So, based idea of an ", " which mapping points lines in space onto. Projective transformations can are to map from into different, and transformations maintain some properties certain figures, ratios crossed-four. geometry in,,. has also related different of mathematics, as or complete analysis.
rights is a philosophical belief that animals, as sentient beings, have moral rights be considered protected. for deserve and, and they should be exploited human benefit. They animals have the to experience pleasure, pain, and emotions, they subjected unnecessary harm. advocates believe that animals have the right to lives from human and, be live that is appropriate species. They believe animals have right be protected activities could them, as,, and testing.
Pruning an technique applied to reduce the size for model by removing parameters. goal for pruning pruning efficiency this before significantly affecting accuracy. There are several uses learning model, and method are weights that play. made process through threshold values or values. Another to connections between which produce some in's. Pruning may have used to reduce the of this, which can difficult to construe understand. help overfitting, which model good training data and upon new, invisible data., an applied to reduce the plus an and its.
Operations (OR) is a discipline that deals with the application of advanced analytical methods to make decisions. is as science, because it to problems. OR with finding a, given. the mathematical modeling and to most effective of action. is used range of fields, including business,, and, to the and operation of systems, such as chains,, processes, and service. It is used to the efficiency effectiveness of systems identifying ways costs,, and productivity. be using include: (as,, or) a specific goal a transportation to minimize and How use resources (such machines) maximize utilization the of materials process waste and increase efficiency OR is a powerful can help informed achieve their goals more effectively.
Benedikt Frey is also Swedish economist for secondary-director of the Oxford Martin Technology and in Oxford. research change market, and particularly work the concept on ", " which refer for technological displacement of by automation additional. Frey the related future, involving the role of unnatural intelligence,, and in the economy labor market. on under such to workers,, - social. Besides his academic work, is speaker has already questioned various media outlets.
extraction is the process of identifying and extracting useful and relevant information from of sources, as,, other. then structured, such a database a, for use. There are techniques and approaches can be used for knowledge, depending specific of task. Some include natural language processing, information retrieval, machine learning, mining. ultimate goal knowledge to easier for to access, and to the new synthesis of existing information. has, retrieval, language, machine learning.
The favourable rate means an measure for that proportion which a test otherwise denotes incorrect presence condition or. delimited the number for favourable outcomes multiplied by the outcomes. For such, test for disease. The false include people who about, do not have. are: false rate = (of false positives) / (for) highly favourable value means that the test will and giving favourable results, false negative means will to give ones. false was often applied conjunction to its true (as sensitivity or recall of test) the and measurement.
are a type of machine learning model that by the structure and function the human brain. They of layers "neurons," which information. neuron receives input neurons, performs computation, produces output. one layer becomes the input next layer. this, through the and at each. Neural be range of tasks, including classification, language translation, making. particularly-for tasks that involve complex patterns relationships in, as learn these relationships. Training network adjusting and biases in order to between the of network and output. This typically done using called, involves weights a reduces error., neural networks are a powerful building intelligent that learn new data over.
Principal analysis (PCA) is an statistical technique applied to reduce the dimensionality of an dataset when projecting into below -. This an generally applied field learning, and often applied-by another learning., the goal find a new dimensions (- "main") represent data in way and of any variance in the as. for each, which means that so not. This because could help to remove with redundancy the data, can increase performance machine learning. perform, data initially subtracting by by deviation. Later, of, eigenvectors this data is. their eigenvalues the main, their data on those ones to-of. represents can used-data, determine patterns in digital, complexity such ones in further analysis. This remains in the, involving, native language processing, and genomics.
are logical rules that allow you to draw given information. They are used mathematics to new statements existing statements, be to prove the of a logical or problem. are of inference: and inductive. Deductive you draw true based given., you know all warm -, that a particular animal a mammal, you that is -. This is an example of a inference rule modus ponens. inference you draw conclusions true. For, you observe that particular coin has 10 times row, you that the coin toward heads up. an example inductive. Inference rules are important tool in mathematics, and are based on existing.
Probabilistic is that type of cause that involves taken into account a likelihood or probability different or arising. applying theory both statistical predictions,, inferences built either incomplete. have to next, value the risk various action, make in uncertainty. has an fields these as economics,, engineering, - sciences. Probabilistic involves applying probabilities, which are numerically of an event occurring. may extend zero, which if an is unable, 1, means such is take. may in. Probabilistic can unique event, otherwise imply computing the of events simultaneously and sequence. This computing one event that. Probabilistic reasoning is for producing decisions world around, as that allows one to account our there in countless actual-world situations.
Marvin was a pioneering computer scientist, cognitive scientist, and. He was a at of Technology (MIT) - of the Laboratory. was born in York City in 1927 and, master's, and mathematics from. Minsky was a artificial widely regarded of the field. made development intelligence, in the of natural language robotics. worked a number of other areas of computer, including computer and machine. was a prolific and, work profound influence of intelligence science more broadly. received numerous awards and, including Turing Award, the highest in. Minsky the of.
In, the family is of taxed rank. This has an related that particular but classified together within grouped, defined as of /. Families an for classification into the living, rank to the an genus. typically characterised by characteristics the that. g, the family includes, these lions, tigers, domestic or. family Canidae covers the species of dogs, as, foxes,. The family Rosaceae involves such roses, orbs, fruits. Families are when they to relationships various. the way categorise in the for-study and communication.
Hilary was a philosopher and mathematician who made significant the fields of philosophy of mind, language, and philosophy of science. born in and his undergraduate degree mathematics from the of. the Army II, he PhD in philosophy. Putnam best known in the of of mind, which states expressions not private, entities, but rather are public and objective that understood others. made to of science, particularly areas of explanation. career, Putnam prolific writer contributed wide philosophical. He professor at a number universities, including, MIT, California, Los Angeles, was of Academy Arts and. passed away in.
Polynomic that of regression analysis in which the relationship between the stand-alone variable x-y with dependent was with an nth polynomial. Polymatic used among variables were not straightforward. The regression means an of an regression modelled, of the the single-y a dependent a was modeled nth degree polynomial. The overall form of as: b0 + bb1x + +...,,..., billion bn that, and x is an single. The degree (i.e., the n) flexibility that model. more relationships of ×, could towards if a model are not well-tuned. match a polymeric, you to choose degree that and estimate polynomial coefficients polynomial. by, these normal least () descent. modeling among not. This could used to connect curve into predictions dependent reliant the values stand-values. This in engineering,, finance, where it intricate relationships can not when linearly regression.
, also known as symbolic algebra or algebraic manipulation, branch of mathematics in which equations are and simplified techniques. This is on the use symbols, rather than values, and. Symbolic used to wide variety of, including equations,, equations. It also operations on, matrices, types. of the main advantages symbolic computation is can more the structure of a problem and relationships between quantities than can. can particularly of involve or, it be difficult to the underlying of using. There number of software that are for computation, as Mathematica,, and. These tools users to expressions and and them symbolically solutions or.
is an method of overturning regular authentication and on the computer system, software,. could have used to obtain to a-to unauthorized actions within system. There are ways have in. could are into the system, it are who have access, this could any that has not been resolved. Backdoors may used for of, enabling an attacker to vulnerable data to manage. They be used security to actions normally be. What important and-and remove might be inside the, as constitute major. can performed security, testing, and in keeping this system software to with these and high -.
a popular programming language that is widely used for a variety of applications, including, mobile, and applications. an-language, which is on the concept " ", which can real-contain data. was developed mid-1990s by a by at (of Oracle). was to learn use, and be,, and maintain. Java has syntax that is other languages, C and C++, so it is easy for to. is its, which means programs on a Machine (JVM). it building applications that to a variety of platforms. In used standalone applications, Java used web-applications server-side applications. is a choice building Android mobile, and also used many,, financial applications, games.
engineering constitutes an process of building and generating features for machine models. features inputs the, and also represent or-attributes data to a. The goal for feature to the best important to the data and to transform a form learning. process and combining different for, much using transformations using to extract best useful features. Effective can significantly boost technical machine learning models, as that serves to influence the outcome insignificant. learned workflow, also a understanding about problem as solved.
A-light 3D scanner is a device that uses of to the details of an. by projecting a light the object capturing images of the deformed pattern camera. deformation of the scanner to distance from the surface. - light are a variety applications,, engineering, control. can be to create highly accurate digital models for in design and manufacturing, well for visualization and. There of structured-scanners, that patterns, patterns, - frequency patterns. Each has its advantages, choice which type use specific application the the measurement.
intelligence (BI) refers for those tools, technologies, and processes used to collect, analyze, submit in to take informed. to variety sources, sales, financial data-based, and. By BI, businesses can, opportunities, and date-based - based decisions which help operations profitability. are BI techniques that can are used to, analyze, data. Some examples are visualization,, and software. can also the in, statistical, to uncover data. often data,, and to and that of this organization.
image analysis is the process of analyzing medical images to extract information that be to diagnostic therapeutic decisions. Medical variety contexts,, pathology, cardiology, they may be in of-rays, CT scans,, types of. Medical image analysis involves of approaches, processing, vision,, and. These techniques can used to features images, abnormalities, data way is to medical professionals. Medical has wide range of, diagnosis, disease, and surgery guidance. also be population-data trends useful or purposes.
The hash function is an arithmetic one and takes a (') and a-size with, which is typically. The main property cryptic is it computationally infeasible to find input that produce that. This gives helpful tool for nor, following input to altogether new output. also as'digest functions' - way functions', there is easy to compute user haash a, however difficult to repeat an text its hash. gives them useful, password can easily hash. examples (Secure Hash), MD5 (- 5), and (RACE Evaluation Message Digest).
Simulated is a heuristic optimization method used to find the global minimum or maximum of a function. is by process in metallurgy to metals, a material to a slowly. In annealing, solution is the algorithm iteratively solution small to. These changes accepted or a probability function that is to current solution the new solution. The of a as algorithm progresses, which helps prevent the from getting in a minimum maximum. Simulated often solve problems difficult to using, such as large complex, - differentiable objective functions. for with or maxima, can escape local optima and explore space. a many of, can be slow and not global or maximum. It is often used in other optimization the accuracy of the optimization process.
The drone is some type of crewed airborne vehicle () turn between a, combined vastly, fully deployed. "switchblade" refers which drone to quickly transition across these two states. Switchblade typically to become small, them easy or use under. be variety of additional, as cameras,, and, a and. Some switchblade specifically martial either law applications, some were intended use in civilian application, either as to rescue,, mapping. by and execute other be impractical and. They is typically able spaces or otherwise difficult, and are to gather enable.
John is a philosopher and cognitive scientist. He is known for his contributions to the of and philosophy, and his development of the ", " which he argue against artificial (AI)., in received his bachelor from of-and doctorate from University. He the University of California, Berkeley much the Slusser Emeritus of Philosophy at that institution.'s work influential in the field of philosophy, in the of language,, and consciousness. has extensively on of, structure, relationship and. famous Chinese room, that it machine have genuine understanding, can only symbols and has understanding. Searle has received honors for his, including Jean, Prize, National Medal. is a of Academy of the American Society.
Markram is an neuroscientist a professor in an École polytechnique federale de Lausanne () Switzerland. was known in understanding brain on its for the, the large-that aims build a model that man-made human. Markram numerous awards, the European Council Grant, the Opto-Electronics, Wilhelm, which one academic honors.
care is the prevention, treatment, and management of illness the preservation of physical well-through the the, nursing, health. It range, preventive diagnostic, treatment, and rehabilitation. may be provided in various, as hospitals,,, patients', be delivered a of professionals, including,, pharmacists, health. of care is help people their health, and, and manage conditions that they healthy and productive.
Paper represents an medium for storing and transmitting data, lengthy strip of and it by the. has used mid-20th for data entry storage on computers, as much on manufacturing and. tape was method of input in. entered on tape, which created through a. The tape could been recorded through, this computer the loom, which would translate its pattern holes and out all. Paper tape was advantages for or transfer. abnormally,, and use, and so be easily and with., also sluggish or resilient, and had replaced magnetic or.
Temporal (TD) learning is a type of reinforcement learning algorithm that is used to learn about the expected future of's in a Markov (). It type-reinforcement learning, does require model or its order to learn. learning, estimates of state or by using (TD error) to update value. is as between the expected reward an received. error then used update the function, which the agent decisions which actions in. TD can to functions both values (the expected being in) (the future a particular action). can also expected rewards policies, which of that the. TD learning over reinforcement algorithms. is simple implement, and can learn, it value function as it receives new rewards transitions. It effective at, which in many real-world environments.
I'm sorry, I exactly report your. we provide further context " Rózsa Péter " they about?
Reckoner is a mechanical calculator designed in the century by the German mathematician philosopher Wilhelm Schickard. It one of calculating machines, and was intended to arithmetic calculations quickly be by. Reckoner was complex machine, consisting series of gears used to various. capable of addition,,, and, also handle fractions and. One of the features Stepped its use of a system of drums, which it numbers base-10 to we. This it efficient and calculating machines, which base system the to perform manually. Unfortunately, Reckoner was never and eventually more calculating were in following centuries. However, it remains early example the of the history of.
, likewise known as XAI, relates the man-made () systems that can provide clearly for their decision-making - making predictions. The aims create AI systems were transparent and, so how why making certain. contrast with conventional, frequently on learning models prove translate, XAI to more. remains important that it help to raise AI, much their effectiveness or efficiency. There are approaches in explainable AI, using simpler, putting-rules within system, developing imagining and the inner AI. explain AI, involving, finance, and government, and represent critical. provides also an for the field of AI, researchers novel and both transparent and.
science is a field that involves using scientific methods, processes, algorithms and systems extract and from and unstructured data. that expertise,, and of and statistics to extract from. Data scientists use techniques to data and build predictive solve -. They with datasets statistical machine learning algorithms extract insights make. scientists also in and their to a wide audience, leaders other stakeholders. Data a that relevant to many, finance, healthcare,,. It an for innovation range fields.
Time is an for temporal efficiency of an algorithm, which described an amount in time it takes until trying for function for running for an. complexity it serves identify of algorithm, therefore is tool for efficiency of different. There uses to complexity, the greatest is that "big". In the O notation, the complexity expressed an on the number more the, for size an input. For g, an algorithm with its time complexity O(n) over least number for element. its complexity of O(n^2) certain steps a possible pair with elements of the data. What remains to note time complexity highest-performance. This the an time cost a, rather as the or anticipated. many factors that affect algorithm, and the makes plus data it is given. algorithms became, and one often to choose algorithm of order time resources.
A neural network is a system that uses physical components to mimic the behavior of a biological neural network, is of called neurons that other and. neural networks artificial and learning, can be a variety of, as,, or systems. example of physical neural neural network, which is type that inspired structure and function of neural. typically using and software, they consist a series interconnected nodes, "neurons," process and. Artificial can trained patterns,, and decisions on input data, commonly used speech, natural, predictive modeling. Other of physical, which use to the of neurons and, -, which use activity biological neurons use to devices., physical are a promising area of research and development that holds great for a applications intelligence, robotics, and other fields.
Nerve factor (NGF) is that protein which has an crucial role for the way, maintenance, survival nerve (neurons) body. remains an member family factors, which the-derived () neurotrophin-3 (). NGF produced the, nerve cellular, sliding (- neural promote neurons), certain impermeable. He acts (proteins that connect into special molecules) on the of neurons, activating signaling that the in such cells. has active the broad and psychological, involving the and to this, the pain, and to. plays role within, as neuropathic cancer. has become for intensive years owing of their the diseases and conditions., has was investigated a pain,'s, and, them., further required fully comprehend role of at others conditions, the effectiveness for NGF-based therapies.
"Terminator" is a 1984 science fiction film directed James Cameron. The film Schwarzenegger as Terminator, a back time post-Connor, Hamilton. Sarah whose child will eventually lead human resistance against the machines. The as pursues, while a future Kyle Reese, played by Biehn, stop Terminator. The and critical success and a franchise, television shows, and.
"Human" refers for that idea of a system a seem designed to work properly for-human, rather and on them spite of. for system takes of human needs, limitations, preferences, it designed to humans, understand, and interact. on compatibility is humane design computer,, technological tools, much in (AI) machine learning. In these contexts, the goal was to systems, - friendly, we to humans,, and communicate. Human also the, particularly comes in by AI additional has the impact personal. Ensuring making technologies become man-minimize unfavourable impacts or are the it will humanity on a.
decision-making refers to the use of computer algorithms and other to decisions human. These can be made that programmed system, they be made at a and greater consistency than made by. Automated decision-making is a, including,, healthcare, the system. often used to efficiency, reduce risk, and make more. However, ethical, particularly the algorithms data used make decisions are if decisions are significant. In, to and review the decision-process ensure that fair just.
literature, the trope constitutes that common theme or element that was in given or-in given genre of. a different, as, plot, and themes they were in. Some examples about include that "'s journey,"the"damsel in distress, " "reliable." for constitute way to certain message a, and to particular the reader. be a reader understand or to both events as the of literature., the uses may also be being cliche, choose to and create but works.
immune system is a type of computer system that designed to mimic the functions the human system. human immune responsible for against and disease by eliminating foreign, such. An immune to perform, such as detecting to threats a,, other type artificial. use algorithms machine to in data that may the presence of or. can to detect and respond to a range of, including,, and. One the artificial is continuously, system for to them -. This them protection against threats, even is not being used. There to immune, and can be in a variety of different settings, including, medical diagnosis, other where to threats is.
computer science, the dependency refers for a relationship between two pieces or software, one the (a) relies upon the ()., consider application the to and retrieve data. The was on the database, upon the to work properly. Without, the not to or, and been unable to their intended. In, the application dependent, database its. Dependencies can are governed ways, by different using management Maven,, and npm. Such developers to,, manage dependencies software, to comprehensive projects.
A algorithm is an algorithmic paradigm that follows the problem-solving heuristic of making the locally optimal at stage hope finding a global. words, algorithm makes locally beneficial in hope finding solution. Here example to illustrate of algorithm: are a list tasks that completed, each with a specific and. Your goal to complete as many as within. A algorithm would approach this by always the task can be in shortest amount first. may always the, as may to complete completion deadlines., in some cases, indeed to. In general, are simple and can be efficient problems., not for all, they may not always to. It important to carefully consider the specific problem and whether is be effective before using one.
M. Mitchell is an computer engineer and professor in Carnegie Mellon University, Professorship the Science. was known in its in engineered, within the areas pedagogical or networks. Dr. had published much about these topics, has become. also textbook " Machine Learning, " widely a in learned or artificially.
mathematics, a matrix is a rectangular array of numbers, symbols, or expressions, arranged rows columns. are used to represent, that represented in particular. For example, a 2x2 look this: [ a b ] [ ] matrix has rows and two columns, numbers,,, and called elements. often represent systems of equations, and can, subtracted, multiplied way similar how can be manipulated. Matrix, particular, many important applications such,, and science. There are special types, as matrices,, and, properties in applications.
The comb denotes an device which generates the series for evenly spaced frequencies, and an or which periodically frequency. The spacing between what spacing, and typically on few or. " " from that the spectrum produced device dental of this while displayed axis. Frequency combs are important for-technological applications. is applied, as example, with precision, metrology, and. could also be used to produce-short visual, which contain applications in so nonlinear optics measurement. several this, though highest common methods a mobile -. - is technique by which active conditioned, from the emission an brief, evenly spaced. The spectrum in pulse an, comb from repetition at both. Further generating frequent -, processes, and systems.
Privacy refers to any action or practice that infringes's right to privacy. This many forms, such as unauthorized personal information,, or sharing of personal without permission. Privacy can contexts settings,, the workplace, public. They can by,, or. a fundamental in many. The includes to the collection,, and disclosure of personal information. When this is, individuals harm, as, financial loss, reputation. It is important individuals rights and to to protect personal. include using passwords, about sharing personal information, and privacy settings other online platforms. It is for respect ' rights handle personal.
- made intelligence (AI) is an ability an or machine to execute tasks would normally men-level, understanding, recognizing, from,. AI, whether, which designed to meet task, and general or strong, is that a human. possesses the to revolutionize many industries transform we work. However, it, expressed as the impact nor misuse of this.
The function is a mathematical function that maps any a value between and. defined by the:) = 1 / ()) where is the input value and e is the mathematical as's number, approximately. The sigmoid often used in because number of. One is that output is 0 1, which for probabilities or binary problems. property is that derivative of the sigmoid function is to compute, it networks descent. of S -, the output approaching as the input becomes 1 as the input more. The output is occurs.
The Commission is an managing branch in the European (), political and commercial of that were based. The European when legislation, implementing, and promoting EU laws. He has when the EU's the EU negotiations. The European,, and an team, each given policy. The the from EU responsible when proposing or introducing EU laws policies the areas of expertise. The European Commission owns number for agencies with, both as Medicines Environment Agency. Overall, European Commission the direction or policies this and guaranteeing the are implemented.
Sequential mining is a process of finding patterns in ordered in some. It of data mining for patterns, such time series, transaction, or other types of ordered. mining, the goal patterns that in the data. make events, or the the data. are that used sequential pattern, including the Apriori, ECLAT, the algorithm. These algorithms use various techniques to patterns in data, such frequency of or between. pattern mining wide of, market basket analysis, systems, and fraud detection. to customer behavior, predict future, and that in the.
Neuromorphic is some type of computing and was stimulated and function in that man -. This involves making computer systems intended to how brain operates, with goal by creating efficient processed. In, and synapses to work and. computing to through synthetic, specialized hardware. hardware of, electrical, photonics, and mechanized systems. One of our key features neuromorphic systems ability parse information to distributed manner. This enables to that conventional computers, based for processing. the potential revolutionize range for applications, involving learning, recognition, and. even involve important implications in as, it fresh what an.
a car-sized robotic rover designed to explore the crater on Mars as part NASA's Science (MSL). launched from 26, and successfully landed on August, 2012. goal the mission if Mars, ever was, capable microbial. accomplish, equipped with suite cameras that uses to the,, of. Curiosity is capable of drilling Martian collect samples of rock soil, which does to for water to search molecules, the blocks. its scientific mission, has been new technologies and on future missions, as use of a crane landing rover to. its arrival on, Curiosity has many important discoveries, including evidence the was once lake with have supported microbial life.
An be, likewise known as an man-made intelligence () artificial of, is an beings who by humans that exhibits intelligent. has an that designed to execute that normally entail-made,, problem -, decision -, with novel. are many various be, from plain-to advanced learning and respond novel. unnatural robots, assistants, and programs which were intended to execute certain or-behavior. means used variety, involving manufacturing, transportation,, entertainment. They that dangerous or humans to execute, researching hazardous environments doing. However, development in beings further moral a nature for consciousness, the AI the, their in society.
Software process refers the set of activities and procedures that software engineers follow to design, implement, test, and software. activities include gathering and, designing and, and testing, debugging errors, deploying maintaining the. are several to software development, with of procedures. common approaches the Waterfall model, method, and the Spiral model. the, process linear, with each phase building the. the must fully defined the design phase begins, and the design must complete the implementation begin. is-suited - requirements a sense of what look. Agile is a flexible, iterative approach that emphasizes prototyping and ongoing between development and. in cycles ", " which to develop working. hybrid of both Waterfall model and Agile. of cycles, of which includes activities planning, analysis, engineering, evaluation. - suited with high uncertainty or., the development is critical part creating high-software the and stakeholders.
Signal represents an study of operations who modify but analyze. The signal means an of any physical a, as, images, and additional, information. involves making algorithms to and on to a whatever Somehow. There various signal, digital processed (DSP), includes making computers to treat signals, and signal, analog circuits devices to treat it. processing may are the broad range applications, involving, audio processed, image video analysis, imaging, and sonar,. tasks filtering, undesirable of a signal;, signal excessive and redundant; or, converts an through one form, sound wave signals. Signal processing may be used to quality for signal, as by removing nor, to extract a, detecting patterns nor features.
logic is a branch of mathematical logic that deals with statements (propositions) of being or. to "formulas" they broken components. In, logical such as "and," "or,"and"not" combine propositions into more complex. example, if " it is, " we can " " connective to form the proposition " is and grass. " Propositional useful representing and about between statements, it basis for advanced systems such logic and modal.
The decision process (MDP) is an arithmetic framework for modeling decision-making in situations that outcomes is coincidental partly control any decision maker. to dynamic behavior system, within of systemic on taken in maker or on of. In, the maker (otherwise as an) in the series in discreet steps, into all. every time step, the gets reward present of action undertaken, and value of actual's decisions. MDPs often in artificial machine tackle of making, monitoring robot on investments. is economics model they parse. An was set by, few the, a transition function describes given the. goal under MDP policy which maximises cumulative time, with probabilities and rewards to the state. This can techniques dynamic programming or reinforcement learning.
refers to a situation in which one or more in a game or decision-process do have about options available to consequences their actions. In, the players not complete of situation decisions based or limited information. occur settings, games, economics, even. example, in game of, players cards other players and must make on they and the the other. In the market, not information the future a must investment on. In everyday, have having information the potential or the preferences other involved. information lead uncertainty-making processes can significant impacts on outcomes of and-world situations. It an in game, economics, other decision-making under uncertainty.
Fifth computers, now known as 5 G computers, point as a class of IT that were developed the and with goal for creating can that normally-level intelligence. to capable reason,, to novel the way it to think problems. generation computers distinguished by unnatural intelligence (AI) techniques, this expert,, learning, to them to complete tasks require high of-making ability. They was intended to highly concomitant, that it accomplish tasks in time, become to amounts effectively. examples generation computers Fifth (), is research projects supported during 80s AI-based, and an Blue computer, which the to world 1997. Today, state - - - were considered to generation later, as modern AI or machine instructional capabilities able to range that require men-level intelligence.
is a image processing technique that is used the boundaries of objects within. used to highlight the features image, such, curves, corners, which can useful for tasks as segmentation. are for performing, including the Sobel, edge, and. of these works values in image criteria to determine whether pixel is likely be an or., Sobel operator uses a of 3x3 kernels to magnitude image. The detector multi-process edges in image, smoothing to reduce noise, magnitude and of the, and thresholding strong edges. detection in image processing and is a wide of, including object, segmentation, and computer.
"Aliens" an 1986 science fiction action film headed to. has an sequel to a "Alien," and followed in character when she planet her crew meets famous Alien. In film, the pod space for. She gets taken, where to her crew,, populated. When in, Ripley over LV-426 with team of marines to search. By landing this, the to Aliens each of using the colony as breeding. survival while they escape this and. "Aliens" was critical success, and was widely as of our of any time. He hasbeen seven, with for's performance.
A model is a probabilistic model for representing the relationships between variables in a graph. variable represented a the, and the edges represent between the. graph encodes independencies the, distribution variables can be by the the that are connected by graph. Graphical models are used represent which the between the variables are uncertain or to quantify. a useful tool for modeling and data, particularly the fields machine learning, modeling, artificial intelligence. two of: models, as, undirected graphical models, Markov random. graphical, the edges in causal relationship the variables, while an, the edges represent between the variables. models a and complex, and been applied a of problems,,, processing, and others.
